Michael: All right, everybody. This is your last meal, so eat up. [cheering]
Dwight: From this point forward, you will not use the bathroom. We need to keep our starting weights high so we can lose more.
 
Michael: This summer, corporate is sponsoring a little weight loss contest between the branches. Whichever branch loses the most weight gets three extra vacation days.
 
Meredith: What should we do with all these leftovers?
Stanley: I'm taking the dumplings for my wife.
Dwight: No, no, no. This is your last meal. There will be no leftovers.
Creed: I can bring these to my shelter.
Stanley: I'm taking my dumplings.
Dwight: [sprays food with bug poison] There. Take those home to your wife.
Michael: Dwight, Dwight!
Dwight: Michael, it's time.
 
Dwight: Hit the scales, everybody. Right on that black platform. This way. Step it up.
Darryl: Don't go breaking my scale.
 
Andy: I'm excited to lose weight for the wedding, because I really want to have washboard abs the first time Angela sees me naked.
 
Holly: Ex-squeeze me.
Michael: No, I will ex-squeeze you.
Michael: OK everybody. Get used to this because we are going to be standing here briefly every Monday for the next seven Mondays.
Dwight: Wait a minute. One more bite of eclair each. Hold it in your mouth if you can't swallow.
Jim: [smiles, looks to Michael] Really, nothing?
Darryl: 2,336 pounds. Y'all need to learn some portion control.
Dwight: Wait a minute. Pam is on the scale.
Michael: Oh, Pamcake. No, no, no. We would love your extra poundage, but you are going to be leaving us next week, so vamoose. Vamoose, Pam. Dunder Mifflin family only.
Dwight: Family only.
Darryl: All right, got it. 2,210 pounds.
Kevin: Pam, you weigh 226 pounds?
Holly: Almost, Kevin.
Pam: Not almost, though, Holly. I mean, not -- not close to 200...
Holly: Math is hard.
Kevin: Yeah.
Pam: Just, we'll just keep going.
 
Andy: I'm totally gonna slaughter at the weigh-in today.
Oscar: All I had this weekend to eat was a chicken breast and a case of Diet Coke.
Andy: Really? 'Cause I haven't eaten anything since noon on Friday.
Oscar: OK. [holds elevator] Stanley, come on.
Stanley: Oh, I forgot something in my car. I'll see you guys up there. [takes the stairs after the elevator doors close]
 
Stanley: I happen to be losing weight on my own for my own reasons. The truth is, I have lost a little of my speed, a little of my fire. Here's what I used to look like. [holds up old photo] Look at those biceps. We were fighting the power and eating whatever we wanted.
 
Holly: And arch your back. And slowly bring up your head. [Michael and Holly face each other in yoga pose]
 
Michael: Jimbo.
Jim: Ah, they moved the shower.
Michael: Did you see Holly's butt?
Jim: No, I didn't. [Michael laughs] You know why?
Michael: Why?
Jim: Because most of the time, friends don't talk about other friends' butts.
Michael: I know.
Jim: But what have you learned about her?
Michael: I learned that she broke her left leg twice in one year. I learned that she's allergic to sesame seeds. I learned that she has read "Lonesome Dove" three times.
Jim: Nice.
Michael: And that her butt refuses to quit!
Jim: Well, I tried. [Michael laughs]
Michael: [follows Jim into bathroom] You have to agree with me. [follows Jim back out] That's insane.
Jim: I'll just go later.
Michael: I thought you had to pee.
 
Dwight: [forces candy out of vending machine and forces fruit into racks]
 
Oscar: Hey, if you're into yoga, I take a great bikram class in Dickson City.
Holly: Oh, thanks. I should check that out.
Oscar: Also -- and no pressure -- the teacher? He's a catch.
Holly: Actually, I'm a lesbian.
Oscar: I'm gay!
Holly: I'm not a lesbian. I don't know why I said that... It's a joke.
Oscar: What's the joke?
Holly: There is no joke. I just said it because I haven't had much luck lately and I'm not really looking to date. Maybe I should switch to women.
Oscar: Oh, you think it's a choice?
Holly: Um, I'm gonna head back to my work area and just--
Oscar: I'm messing with you, Holly.
Holly: I knew that. OK, bye.
Oscar: OK.
 
Jim: So you have the directions.
Pam: Yes.
Jim: You have a toothbrush.
Pam: Yes.
Jim: You have a cell phone charger.
Pam: I have everything.
 
Pam: Tomorrow I start a three-month design program at the Pratt Institute in New York. I will be a little fish in the big apple. [does hand gesture] What up, 212?
 
Dwight: Fax this for me.
Jim: Come on, man. She goes to New York in like 10 minutes.
Dwight: It's not gonna take her 10 minutes to fax it, Jim. [to Pam] If I don't see you again, goodbye. Well, actually, I'll see you when you give me the fax confirmation, so never mind.
 
Andy: Ang. Ela. [sings] Ella, ella, ella. Under my Angerela. Ella, ella, ella. Ay, ay--
Angela: What?
Andy: Hey, check it out. [hands her brochure] This is The Breakers, Newport, Rhode Island. Huge, awesome gorgeous mansion overlooking the Atlantic. And my dad went to Cornell with the current groundskeeper.
 
Andy: Every little boy fantasizes about his fairy-tale wedding.
 
Angela: No. No.
Andy: This is where my parents decided not to get divorced.
Angela: I don't care.
Andy: OK. How do you feel about Maine? [Angela picks up phone and dials] I'm on it. I'll see you later, love. [Dwight's pager vibrates, he and Angela walk out]
 
Dwight: [exiting warehouse storage room] Ahh. We done good in there, half pint.
Angela: Well, that was the last time, Dwight. I mean it.
Dwight: Monkey. [kisses her]
Angela: No, no. I have a fiance I very much like!
 
Michael: [sees Pam and Jim through office window, runs out the office] Hey, hey! [falls down stairs, gets up, falls down again] Pam, Pam! Hey!
Jim: What happened?
Michael: [frazzled and out of breath] I wrote you a goodbye poem. It's really long. I left it up in my office. Could you just please wait till I go get it?
Pam: I should really get going.
Michael: No. OK. Um, the last word is "seagulls."
Pam: I'm sure it was really lovely.
Michael: I took a lot from other poems.
Jim: Call me when you get in. [kisses Pam]
Pam: OK, bye.
Jim: Bye.
Michael: All right, call-- [leans in to kiss Pam]
Pam: No, Michael.
 
Jim: Why haven't I proposed yet? Uh, actually Pam and I talked about it. And we just decided that, um -- well, we didn't want to spend first three months of our engagement apart. And Pam's always said she doesn't want a long engagement. Something in her past, I guess. I'm not really sure of the whole story, but something about a guy who used to work here...
 
Michael: OK, no, no, no, no, no, no. Same places as last week.
Angela: It doesn't matter, Michael.
Michael: Yes, it does. No, this is about weight displacement. We have to have the same weight distribution. Right here. Here we go. Let's move that up. Here we go.
Holly: Oh, fancy meeting you here.
Michael: All right.
Darryl: OK, everybody smile. Ho! You lost 31 pounds.
Michael: All right!
 
Jim: I can't believe I'm saying this, but Michael is actually killing it with Holly. And I think I know why. It's because Holly is kind of a major dork.
 
Michael: [rapping] I'm MC Mike Scott, and I am hot. She's DJ Jazzy Flax, and she is the best. All those sucker branches can suck our fat!
Holly: Wikka wikka wikka what?
 
Ronnie: Dunder Mifflin, this is Ronnie.
 
Jim: I don't really know Ronnie. But I have a feeling I will get to know her very well over the next few years, and eventually declare my love for her.
 
Professor: Sorry I'm late. I accidentally switched my alarm clock setting to Zapf Chancery. [laughter] Which is my terrible segue into our course, Expressive Typography in New Media.
Pam: I'm in the wrong class... 
Professor: Some of you may remember from last semester I am Professor Monaghan. [sees Pam leaving] And looks like I'm boring someone already.
Pam: Oh, no. I just--
Professor: Please sit down.
 
Holly: You're shaking. Are you all right?
Kelly: Just leave me alone!
 
Kelly: [sickly] I am on the third day of my cleanse diet. All I have to do is drink maple syrup, lemon juice, cayenne pepper and water for all three meals. Um, I just bought some bikinis online, size 2. So ... gonna look amazing.
 
Ronnie: Hi, can I help you?
Jan: I need you to make me 100 copies of this on canary yellow.
Kevin: Hi Jan.
Jan: Hi.
Kevin: How's the candle game?
Jan: Oh, great. Yeah, Serenity by Jan is kicking ass and taking names. You remember last week when that girl went missing? Guess whose candles they used for the vigil?
Kevin: Cool. Thank God they found her, too.
Jan: Oh, they found her?
 
Michael: Hi, Jan. Hello, baby. How are you? Good to see you. Who's your daddy? You don't know who your daddy is, do you? No, you don't. [to Jan] Come on. Let's go in.
 
Jim: When Michael told us that Jan was pregnant, he led us to believe that he was the father. By telling us that he was the father.
 
Holly: Hey, Oscar. Who's that woman in Michael's office with the feet?
Jan: That's his ex.
Holly: Oh, she's very beautiful.
Oscar: Yes, she is. And clinically insane.
Holly: So, listen, I don't know if your offer still stands or whatever, but you can give your yoga teacher my number.
Oscar: OK.
 
Angela: Listen, dummy! It's not that hard. All you have to do is take the numbers from the sales report and type them into a master spreadsheet. A G.D. monkey could do it. I do not understand why you can't do it.
Holly: No! You do not talk to him like that!
Angela: But he's an idiot!
Kevin: Hey!
Holly: He is not an idiot!
Kevin: Thank you, Holly.
Holly: He is mentally challenged. But he's doing a super job here.
Kevin: Wait, back up. Do you think that I am retarded?
Holly: Well, no. Dwight...
Angela: Oh, Holly, that is very offensive.
Holly: I'm sorry.
 
Andy: Hey. So, since my little lady has such particular, impossible to perceive taste, I have made nonrefundable deposits at four totally different wedding locales: Hot-air balloons over Napa Valley, world-famous Walt Disney's Epcot Center, scuba-diving wedding in the Bahamas and the Wilkes-Barre Marriott Ballroom C.
Angela: Dangerous. Tacky. Sharks. Haunted. No.
 
Angela: [walking into storage room] Hurry, we have to make this fast.
Dwight: Let's do this thing.
Angela: [Dwight slaps her butt] Hey!
 
Angela: I have a nice comforter and several cozy pillows. I usually read a chapter of a book, and it's lights out by 8:30. That's how I sleep at night!
 
Jim: All right, I am connecting and ... you are not there. Did you install it right? How about this: Go to applications--
Pam: [on computer screen] I can see you!
Jim: All right!
Pam: This is so cool.
Jim: So what is going on, girl in the computer?
Pam: Lunch with a girl from my hall.
Jim: Uh-huh.
Pam: Ceramics class. Then dinner by myself. I'm gonna watch HGTV and maybe go to Bungalow 8 with John Mayer.
Dwight: OK, can you turn the girl off please? I'm trying to get some work done.
Michael: No way. No way. Pam Beesley. Hello. [picks up computer] Hey, everybody look, Pam. Pam, say hi. Say hi to Pam. Don't we all look skinny? Oh, oh, almost dropped you!
Pam: Can you put me down I'm getting a little nauseous?
Michael: Pam, I'd like you to meet Ronnie. We call her Rice-a-Ronnie. She is hilarious. She is wonderful, a beam of light in this dark, dark office. Not really so much. All she does is plop herself down there and answer phones all day.
Pam: The nerve.
Michael: Oh, calm down, weirdo. It's just a joke. She's such a weirdo! You know what? My real beef with her, though, Pam? She can't find those little colored paper clips that I like so much. Will you help her find them, please?
Pam: They're on the supply shelf.
Michael: Let's go. We are following Pam to the supply shelf. Let us go.
 
Pam: New York is so exciting. I love my classes. The city's awesome. Um, can you give me back to Jim now, please?
 
Michael: OK, everybody, let's suck in our guts.
Darryl: 2,184 pounds, for a grand total -- oh! You all gained five pounds back.
Michael: Damn it. Come on.
Oscar: [Kelly faints] Oh!
Kevin: Oh, my God!
 
Dwight: Come on, Bernard. [Andy spits on floor as warehouse worker walks past]
Michael: Here we go. Everybody on.
Dwight: All right, we're set.
Darryl: Still good. You guys lost a pound. You lost one pound.
Kelly: I was on an IV for two days at the hospital.
 
Stanley: I lost four pounds. I don't know what those other fools were doing, but I lost four pounds.
 
Phyllis: Angela, you'll go to the supermarket and get the New York cheesecake. Make sure it's the generic one. It's Stanley's favorite.
 
Phyllis: Yes, I've replaced Angela as head of the party planning committee. [footage of Dwight and Angela making out] I guess I was just in the right place at the right time.
 
Michael: How's it going?
Phyllis: It's going well.
Michael: Good.
Holly: I have a crazy idea. What if we did, um, fruit instead of cake?
Michael: Cake? Who suggested cake? [Angela points to Phyllis]
Phyllis: We lost weight today. I think it's OK to reward ourselves once in a while.
Michael: Are you kidding me? We only lost one pound, Phyllis.
 
Michael: What is wrong with these people? They have no willpower. I went -- I once went 28 years without having sex. And then again for seven years.
 
Michael: Does anyone have any idea what the number one cause of death is in this country?
Dwight: Shotgun weddings.
Jim: That's not what that is.
Creed: Fright. Being scared to death.
Michael: No.
Holly: Obesity-caused illnesses.
Dwight: Obesity-caused illnesses.
Michael: Thank you. Holly is right. People, this is not just about winning some extra vacation days. This is about a very cool HR initiative that if we don't follow, we are all going to die of obesity. So how much are we gonna lose?
Jim: I would like to lose 65 pounds.
Michael: Yes, all right. Who else? [to Angela] Can I put you down for 10 pounds?
Angela: No. My doctor wants me to gain weight.
Michael: If you gain weight, you will die. I want you to live forever. I want us all to live forever. How? How are we going to do this?
Jim: Cryogenics. Beer me five.
Michael: This is how we're gonna do it. Five pounds. I'm asking each of you to lose five pounds. That plus Jim's 65 will give us a very good chance at winning this thing.
 
Jim: All right, I'm taking off.
Michael: Booty call.
Jim: Nope, just going to see Pam.
Michael: Here.
Jim: Maybe put up some shelves.
Michael: Wait a second. [removes condom from wallet, throws it to Jim] I don't want you to end up with a surprise pregnancy like me.
Jim: OK, thank you for ... this.
Michael: You want more?
Jim: No.
 
Andy: I don't know if there's any one place that has all these things.
Angela: It's not my problem. [dials phone]
Andy: Thousand-year-old church in the continental United States. There has to be a rainbow. 24-hour veterinarian on call.
Angela: That is very important to me, so -- I have work to do. Just do it. [walks away]
Andy: Sweetheart. [Angela turns around] Just so you know, I don't care where we get married. I'll marry you right here in this building. I'll marry you in the parking lot. I'll marry you in the eye of a hurricane in the middle of a snowstorm on top of a monsoon. All I care about is that we're gonna spend the rest of our lives together.
Andy: [Angela kisses him] Hey-oh!
Angela: I know I haven't made this easy on you. [Dwight comes out of storage room alone, looks at watch.]
 
Jim: [knocks on door] Hi.
Pam: Hi. [they kiss] Mmm. 'Cause-- [looks toward camera]
Jim: Oh, that's so rude of me. Have you seen, um, Pam's new art? It's right there. Check it out. [closes door]
 
Michael: [music playing] It's a pretty lame party.
Ronnie: Does anyone want to dance?
 
Jim: [watching baseball game on TV] Some girl came into Pam's room crying about her roommate stealing her soy milk. So I'm in here waiting it out.
 
Phyllis: Stanley, Michael's not here. You can eat a slice of your birthday cake.
Stanley: I don't like cake anymore
Andy: Why not, dawg?
Stanley: Tastes changed. Now all I like is baklava.
 
Dwight: Michael, we have a situation.
 
Dwight: They should not be in that room.
Holly: That's so lame they didn't invite us.
Michael: You know what we should do? We should have a party and not invite them.
Dwight: Yeah!
Michael: Let's go mini-golfing.
Holly: Hey, could I have a rain check on the mini-golf. I, uh, actually have a date tonight.
Michael: Uh...
Holly: It'll probably be a total disaster, but...
Michael: Um, I think you'll have fun. Men from Scranton are handsome, and they know how to show a woman a good time.
Dwight: Not that guy who murdered his mother. He was not so handsome. Also Kevin.
Michael: You know what? We're pretty much done here today. Why don't you just take off early?
Holly: Really?
Michael: Yeah.
Holly: Oh, that's sweet. Wish me luck.
Michael: Good luck.
 
Michael: Oh, Holly doesn't need luck. Everyone that meets her instantly loves her.
 
Dwight: Party's over. You are so busted!
Michael: OK, everybody. Phyllis, did I or did I not say fruit?
Phyllis: You said fruit, Michael.
Michael: And what is that?
Phyllis: Cake.
Michael: You know, we're gonna have to try a little harder if we are going to win this thing.
Dwight: Happy Birthday, Stanley! [kicks cake onto Michael]
 
Holly: It's kind of a good news, bad news situation. The bad news is we're not doing very well, so we really had to starve ourselves this whole week. But the good news is that all the other branches are doing just as bad as we are, so corporate upped the prize to five days. So if we stay fat long enough, we may actually get a whole month off.
 
Kevin: [spreading peanut butter on a bagel] What?
Creed: Oh nothing.
Kelly: It's just some of us are taking this really seriously.
 
Kelly: I swallowed a tapeworm last night. It's going to grow up to three feet inside of me and then it eats all my food so that I don't get fat. And then after three months I take some medicine and then I pass it. Creed sold it to me. It's from Mexico.
 
Creed: That wasn't a tapeworm. 
 
Ryan: [walks in the office] How's my favorite branch doing? [no one talks, everyone stares at Ryan] All right [sits at reception].
 
Michael: Ronnie was bleh. Things were at an all time sad here. But then I got an e-mail from Ryan, that he was coming back to town. And I called the temp agency and I told them I will pay you any amount, just give me Ryan Howard. Give him to me. I want him. I need him.
 
Ryan: And you got a goatee!
Michael: I did!
Ryan: Did you get that after you helped me move and you saw mine?
Michael: Yes. Gooooo-tee!
Kevin: Firrrrre-duh guy! [high fives Ryan]
Ryan: Hey Kevin... [Kevin gives Ryan a noogie] That's really funny. 
Kevin: Yeah.
Ryan: It's great to see you Kev.
Kevin: You too.
 
Ryan: I'm keeping a list... of everyone who wrongs me. So when I'm back on top, they'll be sorry. Kevin just made the list.
 
Ryan: Jim. I wanted to apologize... for how I treated you last year. I lost sight of myself and now that I've quit the rat race I've realized there's so much more to life than being the youngest VP in the company's history. I've even started volunteering. Giving back to the community.
Jim: Well that's great. [shakes Ryan's hand] You're talking about your court ordered community service?
Ryan: I don't need a judge to tell me to keep my community clean.
Jim: But he did, right?
Ryan: All right.
Jim: All right.
 
Ryan: [glares into the camera and writes Jim's name on his list]
 
Darryl: Well you lost zero pounds. [everyone grumbles] No change. On the bright side you gained zero pounds.
Michael: Hey, you know what? I can't do this by myself people! Kelly and I are the only ones who have either passed out or almost passed out. [flails his arms]
Andy: Damnit, I need these five days for my honeymoon! Who is slacking?
Holly: Ok, let's just all try and work harder, ok?
Andy: NO! I want names!
 
Andy: This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do in my entire life. I haven't had a very hard life.
 
Oscar: So how was your date?
Holly: Eight point five. I got a red wine stain on my favorite shirt. But he's cute, right?
Michael: [groans painfully]
Holly: What's wrong?
Michael: [struggling to speak] Mmm--- mmm... Um...
 
Michael: Close the door. This is your fault. 
Jim: Nope.
Michael: Your stupid friend zone.
Jim: Mmm.
Michael: I should have been lovers with her first and then friends. That was terrible advice. Terrible advice! You know my seduction method. I like to get in there and get my hands dirty! Wh--- You sabotaged me. You sabotaged me, man!
 
Dwight: Attention! Attention! We only have a few weeks left. [looking at Phyllis] And most of you are just as fat as the day we began.
Jim: How much weight have you lost, Dwight?
Dwight: I am hardly the problem, Jim.
Jim: No, you're definitely the problem.
Dwight: This is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna randomly select three names and these three people will get liposuction. Uhhhhh Stanley, Phyllis, Kevin. And you will be responsible for your own medical bills.
 
Ryan: Kelly.
Kelly: Oh, hello Ryan. You look well.
Ryan: I wanted to say I'm sorry... for treating you bad the past couple years. I was in my mid twenties and I was goin' through a lot of stuff. I think I never fully processed 9/11. Um, I want you to know I've changed. 
Kelly: Cool.
Ryan: We should get a drink later. Catch up. Pick me up around eight?
Kelly: Oh that is so sweet. Um, but I'm dating Darryl, still, and we're like crazy in love so...
Ryan: That--- I, um... cool. Well maybe I'll see you around.
Kelly: It's a small office.
Ryan: Yeah.
 
Dwight: Hello Phyllis. Do you have a minute? Listen. I'm really sorry... about what I said before. Ok? I was way out of line.
Phyllis: Yes you were.
Dwight: But you know what, I want to make it up to you. There is a sure fire sale, but it's a two man job. Interested?
Phyllis: Split the commission? 
Dwight: [sighs] Sixty - forty. Hm? [they shake hands] I'll drive.
 
Ryan: [exhales, camera shows Kelly and Darryl making out on the reception couch, Kelly looking at Ryan]
 
Holly: Dieting's only half of it.
Michael: Mmm-hmm. Saunas.
Holly: And exercise. Although I know everybody loves going to the gym.
Michael: Gah, the dreadmill. [both laugh]
 
Jim: Probably the weirdest thing about Pam being gone would be lunch... actually. But um, it will force me to become acquaintances with people I consider... coworkers.
 
Friend: Oh, my God. Ok. Everybody just act normal. Don't say anything.
Pam: What?
Friend: My ex-girlfriend. She's right behind you. Just... hide me.
Pam: Really, where? 
Friend: No no! Don't look! [Pam sees an old lady behind him]
Pam: Wow, was it the age difference?
Friend: Uh, actually, kind of. Yes. I just didn't like eating dinner that early. [they laugh, Pam's phone rings, she answers]
Pam: Hey! Jim! Um, listen, can I call you back in a little bit? I made friends!
 
Phyllis: [storms in the office, sweaty and out of breath] Are you insane?!
Dwight: Hey, hey!
Oscar: Oh my God, what happened?
Phyllis: There was no client. Dwight drove me to an abandoned warehouse five miles away and pushed me out of the car. I had to walk home with no money and no phone.
Dwight: And you burned over a thousand calories walking home. And this branch just got a little bit closer to winning the contest. Phyllis Vance, ladies and gentlemen! [claps]
Phyllis: You left me in a bad part of town!
Dwight: Yeah, I took your purse. What are you worried about? [Phyllis storms to her desk, picks up phone and dials] You look great. I can definitely see the difference. 
Phyllis: [into phone] Phyllis Vance for David Wallace.
 
Holly: "...or that Dunder Mifflin does not discriminate. Nor does it condone unhealthy dieting habits or extreme weight loss strategies. As was clearly stated in the official starting---"
Michael: [in a fat suit, speaking in his Michael Clump voice] Ohhhh! Bang! Boom! Say Clump! Why hello everybody!
Holly: What are you doing?
Jim: Fair question.
Michael: I say, I say, I say, I say down Holly! I'll take it from here. I am beautiful. [hangs pictures of fat people on the wall, including two fat people on a bike, the Ghostbusters Marshmallow Man, Elvis, Martin Lawrence in Big Mamma's House, Jabba the Hutt, and a fat pig] They are beautiful. He is beautiful. This big fat pig is beautiful.
 
Michael: It's my sumo suit. I just didn't inflate it all the way. I am so glad that I bought instead of rented.
 
Michael: Body image. We are here because there is something wrong with society.
Jim: See, you're always saying there's something wrong with society, but... maybe there's something wrong with you.
Michael: If it's me, then society made me that way. Now, I know a lot of you are probably asking yourself, "Why are you dressed in a plus sized suit?"
Kevin: Because you're kind of doing Michael Clump.
Michael: How do you know Michael Clump?
Oscar: Because it's your making-fun-of-fat-people character.
Michael: How dare you! Michael Clump is a celebration of fat people.
Oscar: I think of him as more like... a monster? What about, "I say, I say, I say, I'll sit on you!"
Dwight: No, no, no, it goes, it goes... look, "I say, I say, I say, I'll sit on you!"
Michael: No, no, no, NO, no! You know what? Fat people are not monsters! Why don't you guys have a little more sensitivity to the subject. Bang! Boom! Case in point! Look at the outside of this building. It is ugly. But you come inside... and it is beautiful. Just like this unappealing fat suit. Inside is a rather handsome, sexy, man.
Dwight: Vamping.
Michael: Hey! Why don't you just sit down, please?
Dwight: Eh, I've been sitting all day.
Michael: We're doing this because of you. So why don't you just go stand somewhere else. [to Ryan] Hey. Hey. You shaved?
Ryan: I did.
Michael: Why?
Ryan: [at a loss for words]
 
Professor: So, in the year 2000, fungus and even black mold was discovered growing in the cave. Some blame it on the new air conditioning system they installed. Some, on the high powered lights. [Pam's friend shows Pam a drawing mocking the professor, they laugh] Others feel that fungus is do to an over---
Pam: [to friend] Nice.
Professor: Quiet please.
Pam: Sorry.
Friend: Sorry.
 
Michael: Dwight, I would like you to apologize to this beautiful, beautiful woman for forcing her to walk five miles, which for her is basically a death march.
Dwight: She should thank me.
Michael: Ok Phyllis, thank Dwight first.
Phyllis: Why should I have to thank him?
Michael: You're right, you're right. Just, Dwight, do it. Just say it ok.
Dwight: [exhales] I apologize for creating a ruse which forced you to exercise. 
Michael: Finally. Right? Ok, Phyllis you must be exhausted from standing on those gams. Why don't you have a seat? [Phyllis sits] Let's all clap at Phyllis. [everyone claps] Ok! [in Michael Clump voice] When Michael Clump wants to remind you [normal voice] that corporate... their idea, yes, was to urge you to lose weight, but more importantly what this whole thing is about, this contest is really about being healthy. And in order to be healthy, you have to eat, Kelly. Kelly. [kneels down in front of Kelly, Dwight tries to help him down, Michael shouts gibberish at him] Kelly, I want you to stand up on your chair. Come on, stand up on your chair. Stand up, stand up, stand up. Somebody help her. Here we go. [Kelly stands up on her chair] Ok, I want you to look at her. She's a beautiful Indian woman. Why? What makes her beautiful?
Ryan: [stands up] Everything. She's perfect.
Meredith: I like her nails.
Michael: Ok, be more specific.
Meredith: I like her fingernails.
Phyllis: I like her purple dress.
Michael: What about her looks?
Creed: Hell of an ass.
Kelly: ...what else do people like?
 
Phyllis: I wonder what people like about me? ... Probably my jugs.
 
Michael: Kelly, will you just agree to stop this mess and stop trying to kill yourself?
Kelly: I hate dieting, I hate it so much. I hate this worm inside of me!
Michael: I want you to know. Kelly, look at me! I want you to know that you are beautiful. You are truly, truly beautiful. Give me a hug. [Michael hugs Kelly, his head in her chest] Mmmmmm.
 
Jim: Summers going great. Just spent two hours listening to Michael Clump. I have a weird pain in my left side that I'm convinced is an ulcer. My girlfriend lives in New York and I haven't seen her in 10 days. How's your summer?
 
Michael: Hey Ryan, look. Shaved off my goatee. I am goateeless. We are the goateeless brothers. 
Ryan: Oh...
Michael: Ahaha, Yep! [Dwight looks down depressingly and rubs his new goatee]
Oscar: How was Friday night?
Holly: Oh, I had a good time, but it's been three days and no call. I even have two tickets to see Counting Crows for tonight, so...
Oscar: He'll call.
Michael: Oscar, enough with the girl talk please.
Darryl: You guys lost four pounds.
Michael: Hey!
Darryl: I say we have a parade.
Dwight: We better.
Michael: Excellent! Good job.
 
Jim: So as it turns out, tonight is my nephews T-ball game and I kinda missed the first three, so...
Pam: You've already disappointed him so much. He can't be expecting a lot from you.
Jim: I know. I suck.
Dwight: Yes, you do.
Jim: Dwight says "Hi."
Dwight: I do not! I do not say "Hi" Pam!
Jim: Now he is saying "Hi" louder.
Pam: I... listen, umm, we're still good for this weekend, right? 
Jim: Umm...
Pam: No football games, recitals, karate tournaments.
Jim: Hey, can you go to IM?
Pam: OK.
Jim: OK.
JIM9334 [screen name]: Let's meet for lunch.
Dwight: What are you writing about me?
Receptionitis15 [screen name]: What -- today?
JIM9334: Yeah. C'mon we'll meet halfway. You'll be back for your 4 o'clock class.
Dwight: I'm gonna write you both up for not working.
Jim: I'm gonna write you up for not working.
Dwight: Ok, well played. Neither of us'll write the other up for not working.
Receptionitis15: Where?
JIM9334: The rest stop where that soda exploded on me. Exit 17, I think. 1 o'clock.
Receptionitis15: Alright. See you there. : ) P.S. I finally finished my summer project.
 
Jim: [holds up an ASCII image of Dwight]
 
Michael: Yeah, oh, hey. Did he call?
Holly: I just got off... Kendall? I just got off...
Michael: No no, did, I heard you talking to Oscar about that guy. What, what happened? Did he call?
Holly: Oh, no.
Micheal: Really?
Holly: No.
Micheal: Aach.
Holly: And you know what? I even got two tickets to see the Counting Crows tonight as a surprise. Why do guys not call when they say they are gonna call?
Michael: I dunno. I always call everybody back right away. He'll call back though. Give him until the end of the day, he'll call. If he doesn't, he is loco.
Holly: Thanks. That's sweet. Anyways, umm, seems like we lost to Utica by only eight pounds.
Michael: Ugh.
Holly: Well, at least everyone lost weight. That's all that really matters.
Michael: Wait, do we have until the end of the day?
 
Holly: So we're only eight pounds behind Utica. Now, I know it's a stretch but we could weigh ourselves again at the end of the day and maybe win this thing after all.
Andy: Leave it to me, boss. I can get this whole office to make weight. [turns up thermostat] It's gonna be a little toasty in here. Good old fashioned sweat lodge.
 
Andy: Andy Bernard does not lose contests. He wins them... or he quits them because they are unfair.
 
Michael: [Kelly eating in the break room] Hey, is that healthy food?
Kelly: Nope.
Michael: We're trying to win a contest here, Kelly. Please?
Jim: Hey, Michael. I just scheduled lunch with a client so I might be back a little late.
Michael: Ok, that is fine. Just water, and be back by weigh-in, ok?
Jim: Perfect.
 
Dwight: [sprays the inside of the vending machine with bug spray]
 
Angela: I hate to even ask because you have been so accommodating about all the wedding stuff.
Andy: Your wish is my command.
Angela: Is there any way our first dance can be to my favorite song, The Little Drummer Boy?
Andy: Of course!
Angela: Really?
Andy: Yeah! I mean it's a great song. I always thought it was bigger than Christmas anyway. You know?
Angela: Mmhmm.
Andy: And you know what? The guys already know it so it's easy breezy.
Angela: The guys?
Andy: I didn't tell you.
Angela: Mm-mm
Andy: Here Comes Treble, class of '96 was available for our big day, so, I booked 'em.
Angela: I don't think that...
Andy: And, they are collectively my best man. And they are crashing with us for three weeks, so... it totally works out.
Angela: I don't know if I want your old college a capella group to be our wedding band.
Andy: Ok, I hear you, sweetheart, but this is a deal breaker. But you know what? You're gonna love these guys. Carl 1, Carl 2, Broccoli Rob, Spare Rib, Doobie, Lunch Box, Boner Champ, that's me, Pubie Lewis and the News, Hopscotch, Jingle Jangle, Sandwich. These are the best best-man a guy could ever hope for.
Angela: [Angela dials the phone] Let's talk about this later. [Dwight's pager buzzes]
Andy: Mm-wah! [Angela walks away, Dwight follows]
 
Pam: Hey! This is not half-way! I did the math. I had to drive way longer than you. Montclair would have been closer, so you have to buy lunch.
Jim: [Jim gets down on one knee]
Pam: What are you doing?
Jim: I just... couldn't wait.
Pam: Oh my God!
Jim: Pam, will you marry me?
Pam: Oh my God!
Jim: So?
Pam: Yes! [they embrace and kiss] 
 
Dwight: God. Where is Jim?
Holly: I'm calling it. I guess that's curtains for the yoga guy.
Michael: Aww, really?
Holly: Yeah.
Michael: I have to say, I think the problem with that whole thing...
Holly: Yeah?
Michael: ...was that he was a complete stupid idiot.
Holly: Aww man, I really wanted to see them.
Michael: I know. I love Counting Crows.
Holly: Look at where my seats were.
Michael: Wow, really?
Holly: Yeah.
Michael: That's a shame. A shame to waste these. I want to buy them from you.
Holly: Michael, you don't have to buy them.
Michael: I do. No. I do. I, I want to. Trust me. I really do.
Holly: Ok.
Michael: Ok?
Holly: Yeah.
Michael: Alright. Alright! [tears up tickets] Just, I want you to just forget about him, ok? Case closed. Umm, can I pay you tomorrow? I have like a 60 dollar limit on my ATM, so...
Holly: Yeah.
Michael: Is that good?
Holly: Yeah.
Jim: Hey, sorry everybody.
Dwight: What are you smiling about there smiley pants? You're late.
Andy: Wet Tuna!
Jim: Hey Dwight.
Michael: OK.
Jim: What's up, Meredith?
Meredith: Nothing.
Dwight: Dripping on me.
Michael: Darryl, would you do the honors?
Darryl: Two thousand one hundred seventy-five. [everyone moans] Sorry guys.
Michael: Nonono, no, no, I don't want to hear moaning. This is a good day. You guys accomplished something big. You lost a ton of weight, literally. A lot of weight. And I don't care what any stupid scale says. You guys are all gigantic losers.
 
Stanley: I don't know about anyone else. But it was a good summer for me. I lost seven pounds. And you know what? I'm just gonna take five days off anyway.
 
Toby: [in a hospital bed, watching Entourage in Spanish] Oh, I went zip lining my third day in Costa Rica. I guess the harness wasn't strapped in exactly right. I broke my neck. And, I've been in the hospital five weeks now. I still haven't seen the beach. It's nice to have visitors.

Pam: [on the phone] Well, I should go.
Jim: Alright. I'll tell everybody here that you say hi.
Pam: No, don't. I'm mad at them.
Jim: Why, what happened?
Pam: Not one of them called to congratulate me on our engagement.
Jim: Ah. That... they might be off the hook for because I... didn't tell them.
Pam: What? Why not?
Jim: I just didn't, you know, want a deal.
Pam: Come on, it won't be that bad.
Jim: OK. You know what? Here we go. [stands up] Uh, everybody? I just want to make an announcement. Pam and I are engaged.
Pam: [speakerphone] Hi everyone!
Oscar: I thought you were already engaged.
Jim: Nope.
Angela: That was Roy. She was engaged to Roy.
Jim: Thank you Angela.
Kevin: I got a gift for Pam and Roy. Do I have to get another one?
Jim: Yes.
Andy: A little close to my engagement there Tuna, what's your game here?
Jim: To get married.
Dwight: [raises hand] She's not a virgin, you know.
Pam: Wow.
Michael: [walking in] What's going on?
Pam: No, nothing. Nothing Michael! Just saying hi. [Michael waves "hi" at the phone]
Creed: The tall guy got engaged.
Michael: [to Jim] To be married?
Jim: Yep. [Michael hugs/tackles Jim]
Pam: Sorry.
 
Holly: Pencils down! [Dwight quickly puts his pencil down] Just kidding, take your time.
 
Holly: Today is ethics day. After they finish their quiz I'm going to run my first ethics meeting here. It's gonna be insaaaaane. No, it's not. I have to read from the binder.
 
Dwight: [trying to assist Michael, who is trying to press play on a CD player] I got it, I got it. [Olivia Newton-John's "Let's Get Physical" starts to play as Holly and Michael jog into the meeting room, dancing]
Michael & Holly: Let's get ethical! Ethical! I wanna get ethical! Let's get into Ethics yeah! Let me hear that Dunder Mifflin talk! Your body talk. Let me hear your body talk.
Michael: WOO! Alright!
 
Michael: "Why are you helping her? You're not even dating." She's my friend... and... ultimately my strategy is to merge this into a relationship... without her even knowing. Uh...
 
Michael: Ok, let's give it for Miss... Holly Flaaaax! [everyone claps]
Holly: Thanks Michael. [Michael groans exhaustingly] Today we're going to have a business ethics seminar because recently, without mentioning any names, there has been some misconduct at corporate and we have a very strict ethics policy and that employee has been fired.
Kevin: Oh come on! He's right there. [points at Ryan] He was hired. [to Jim] Oh check it out, "Hired Guy."
Jim: Nice. [they bump fists]
Ryan: Ok, elephant in the room. Let's talk about it. Do I regret what I did? Of course I do. Even though it was an amazing ride, and I'll give you an example. Anyone see Survivor season six? [Dwight raises his hand] Anyone know Joanna on that show? [Dwight nods] In New York City, I hooked up with a girl who looked exactly like that. Indistinguishable. So...
Michael: [clapping] Ok. Well done. Good speech Ryan, you're a good guy.
Holly: Let's start discussing those questionnaires that you filled in this morning. It is wrong to make personal calls during work hours. Now, some of you marked that you very strongly agree. But ideally you would have selected totally agree.
Phyllis: I thought very strongly agree sounded stronger than totally agree.
Holly: Corporate would like to emphasize that ideally you would all totally agree with that statement.
Michael: Well, I think we can all totally agree that Holly is totally fantastic. [claps]
Holly: Thank you. In fact, spending a half hour at the water cooler during work hours is a form of stealing.
Kelly: What?
Holly: Yes, it's called time theft, and it's the same as taking money from the company. Can anyone think of examples of things that are over the line time wasters?
Stanley: This meeting.
Andy: Hey-oh!
Dwight: Yes.
Michael: [to Holly] Can't set 'em up like that.
Kelly: Why is ok for smokers to take breaks all the time? If I want to go outside and hang out once an hour, then I'll just take up smoking. I'll do it. I don't care.
Meredith: I'll smoke with you. I got a bag of cigars in my purse.
Holly: Stealing office supplies is another big ethical area that there seems to be some confusion about.
Michael: Can we have a moment? [whispering] Can I talk to you for a sec? Lot of good stuff. And you look... you look fantastic.
Dight: Michael.
Michael: Yeah.
Dwight: What should we be working on while you guys are talking?
Michael: Do some... do some work. [whispering to Holly] People expect a lot from these meetings. Laughter, sudden twists. Surprise endings. You need to be Robin Williams and M. Night Shyamalan. You need to be Robin Shyamalan.
Holly: Well, I just have to get through the binder.
Michael: Do you... just... you're kind of losing them.
Holly: I am?
Micheal: Yeah, don't think about the stakes. It'll freak you out. 
Holly: Ok. [to everyone] Michael makes a really good point so, uh, let's just open this up a little bit. Say my name is Lauren and here I am shopping in a supermarket and I steal a pencil. That's not right.
Michael: [coughs to hide his words] Lauren, [coughs] enough with the pencils.
Holly: No, I have to go over pencils and office supplies. It's part of the ethics thing.
Oscar: That isn't ethics. Ethics is a real discussion of the competing conceptions of the good. This is just the corporate anti-shoplifting rules.
Andy: I'll drop an ethics bomb on you. Would you steal bread to feed your family? ... Boom!
Oscar: Exactly, Andy.
Andy: Yeah, I took intro to philosophy, twice. No big deal.
Dwight: It's a trick question. The bread is poisoned. Also, it's not your real family. You've been cuckolded by a stronger, smarter male. 
Andy: No that's... not how it works.
Michael: I would not... steal the bread. And I would not let my family go hungry.
Holly: Ok, but we should get back to business. Have any of you ever faced any ethical dilemmas in the workplace.
Michael: Anybody? This is a chance for you to say something without any repercussions. Stanley? Oscar, come on.
Oscar: Pass.
Michael: I will go first. When I discovered YouTube I didn't work for five days. I did nothing. I viewed Cookie Monster sings Chocolate Rain about a thousand times.
Holly: What was the dilemma?
Michael: To tell you or not. And I'm glad I did. I feel very very good. Cathartic. I promise you that you are not going to get into trouble. You can say anything you want with total and complete immunity.
Holly: Oh--- no no no.
Michael: Yeah, [interrupting gibberish]. Come on, anybody. Let it fly.
Oscar: Ok, once in a while I'll take a long lunch.
Michael: A siesta!
Dwight: Time thief. Time thief! Fire him!
Jim: Dwight, you've really never stolen any company time?
Dwight: Never!
Michael: You are a thief of joy. Anybody else. Yeah?
Kelly: Sometimes I download pirated music onto my work computer.
Michael: Who hasn't? Good. Good! What else?
Holly: No--- I, I'd like to hear more about that.
Michael: Mmm...
Angela: I once reported Oscar to the INS. Turns out he's clean, but I'm glad I did it.
Michael: Well, let's keep this party movin' on.
Meredith: I'll go. Have you guys ever met Bruce Meyers, the Scranton rep for Hammermill?
Michael: Bruuuuuuuuuce.
Meredith: Well for the past six years I have been sleeping with him in exchange for discounts on our supplies and Outback Steakhouse gift certificates.
Jim: Jackpot.
Michael: Ach! Wuh---
Holly: Meredith, that is serious. I mean not only that a conflict of interests, there's also an exchange of goods.
Meredith: Exchange of steak. Have you ever had sirloin steak, honey?
Michael: That's crazy. That's crazy talk! Meredith! The Merenator, sleepin' with suppliers! Hoo-ooh! Wow! What time we got? [checks watch] You know what? That's a good place to end it. Right there. This, I think, was a great ethics seminar. She has given us a lot of wonderful things to think about. Right... what is wrong. Who's to say? Really. In the end. I mean because it is... unknowable. But, let's give her a round of applause. Holly, everybody. Holly! Get back to work. [everyone applauds, then leaves] [to Holly] Great job. I am truly impressed. That, uh, you really pulled that one out. Classic. Classic meeting. We should celebrate.
Holly: Michael, there is some serious issues with Meredith.
Michael: Oh...
Holly: I mean all of you have done things I wouldn't have done myself but Meredith's actions are really over the line.
Micheal: Nnyeah. What ya gonna do?
 
Holly: So, regarding this supplier, approximately how many liaisons have there been?
Meredith: Liaisons, you mean meet-ups? I don't know, once a month for six years. Something like that.
Michael: Meredith, why don't you tell Holly... it's not what she thinks. Nothing unethical happened... and that you just like to sleep around.
Meredith: Am I in trouble here or something?
Michael: No... no, this is just a stupid formality.
Holly: No, it's not a formality. Now, were these, um, meet-ups just personal? Unrelated to business?
Meredith: Nah, I wouldn't have done it if it wasn't for the discount paper. There's not a lot of fruit in those looms.
Micheal: Ughh! For the love of God we're trying to help you... stupid bag.
Holly: What I don't understand is... why the steak coupons? I mean, if you were already getting the discounted paper?
Meredith:Well it's funny. Maybe it's a girl thing, but after we did it, and he would give me those coupons, I just felt good about myself. [Holly begins to write in her notebook] Hey what's going on here? I thought I had immunity?
Holly: Well unfortunately immunity or something being off the record does not really exist in the workplace. I mean I've never heard of anyone who's kept their job after something like this.
Meredith: Well... I'm not quitting.
 
Jim: [starts a stopwatch as Dwight yawns, stops it when Dwight is done] Yawn. Four seconds.
Dwight: What are you doing?
Jim: Oh you had said that you don't do anything personal during work time so... I'm just making sure.
Dwight: Oh, so wait a minute, you're going to time me every time I yawn? That's absurd. [Jim smiles and starts the stopwatch] Really? [in a mocking voice] Oh hey look, monkey knows how to use a stopwatch everybody! He's ti--- [Dwight conceeds and goes back to work, Jim stops the watch]
Jim: Personal conversation. Seventeen seconds.
Dwight: There is no way that that was--- [Jim starts the watch]
Jim: [stops the watch] One second.
Michael: Well, well. Holly... lujah! It's a miracle, you're at your desk.
Holly: It's Mike-raculous.
Michael: Hoo-ooh! Reaching! You'll get there. Anyway, I was giving it some thought, and there's no reason that two attractive, good looking, intelligent, funny, attractive people can't, you know, just... sit down and work this whole Meredith thing out. 
Holly: Sounds good.
Michael: Good. Would you care to bang it out over lunch?
Holly: Oh I already bought this...
Michael: Oh no, no, no. Your food is no good here, my lady. [sweeps her food into the trash can, misses] Sorry! You know what? Let's go out! Dunder Mifflin's treat. Um, actually you're not a client... so... we'll just split it? Ethical.
 
Holly: So, I've gone over corporate policy.
Michael: What do you think? What do you think of this place?
Holly: Oh, it's very nice.
Michael: Istn't it? Yeah, it's kind of... business/romantic. So you're from Des Moines?
Holly: Mmm.
Michael: Wow, that sounds so... warm.
Holly: In Summer.
Michael: Here too. You know what my favorite season is?
Holly: Maybe we should talk about Meredith first.
Michael: Yeah, get the boring stuff out of the way. Autumn was what I was going to say. When the leaves change. It's just, I... I think it is the most contemplative of seasons.
Holly: Ok, so I have gone over this and I have thought about it and I just don't think there is any way I can write a report that doesn't end with her being terminated.
Michael: Wow, terminator, terminator.
Holly: I'm from da future.
Michael: Yeah.
 
Jim: Hey, Andy.
Andy: Yo.
Jim: By any chance, did you see Battlestar Galactica last night?
Andy: No, I did not. Was that any good?
Jim: Actually not. It was really so-so.
Dwight: Ok. [Dwight turns around, but Jim holds up the stopwatch, threatening to start it]
Jim: I mean I like all the crazy monsters and stuff. You know, like klingons and wookies and all that but... [Dwight begins to turn around again, Jim holds up the watch] Sorry, was there something you wanted to add, Dwight?
Andy: Is that anything like the original Battlestar Galactica?
Jim: You know, it's weird. It's practically a shot for shot remake.
Andy: Really? [Dwight closes his eyes, clutches the paper in his hands] Huh, that's cool.
Jim: Story's kinda bland. It's about this guy named Dumbledore Calrissian who needs to return the ring back to Mordor.
Andy: Really? That doesn't sound right.
 
Michael: I just don't want my employees thinking that their jobs depend on performance. I mean, what sort of place is that to call home? And Meredith needs this job. This is her main source of money.
Holly: Well, that's very sweet but we have to follow the protocol. Those are the rules.
Michael: Ok, new idea. We don't report it at all. We just punish her.
Holly: We punish her?
Michael: Mmhmm, tell her she can't have sex for six months.
Holly: I don't think we could enforce that.
Michael: I don't know. I saw this thing, like a belt with a key.
Holly: A chastity belt.
Michael: No, it's more of a underwear garment that has little spikes like made of, sometimes they are made of metal. You know what I am talking about. You unlock a little door that... down... where you, where you put, where you put the...
 
Jim: He has not stopped working for a second. At 12:45 he sneezed while keeping his eyes open, which I always thought was impossible. At 1:32 he peed, and I know that because he did it in an open soda bottle under the desk while filling out expense reports. And on the flip side, I have been so busy watching him that I haven't even started work. It's exhausting, being this vigilant. I'll probably have to go home early today.
 
Michael: I am just saying that I don't think that you understand what I am saying.
Holly: No, you are saying that we should sweep it under the carpet, accept the discount on supplies, not fire Meredith and pretend like the whole thing never happened.
Michael: Yes.
Holly: What am I saying?
Michael: Well... bleh busted. I don't...
Holly: I'm saying that her behavior is unethical and a little icky and I don't think I want to work in an environment where that sort of conduct is tolerated.
Michael: Well, you have to tolerate a lot when you are part of a family.
Holly: It's not a family. It's a workplace.
 
Michael: I will be honest with you. That car ride did not go well and that was not my fault. The only reason I am standing out here right now is because I don't want to take the elevator with her. And I am holding on to her leftovers. [throws Holly's leftovers in the trash]
 
Jim: [Dwight walks back to his desk] 19 minutes and 48 seconds. What were we doing for 19 minutes and 48 seconds?
Dwight: None of your business.
Jim: So I guess I can assume that was personal.
Dwight: [Dwight stares at Angela, buttoning the top button of her blouse] Fine.
Jim: So maybe you're not completely ethical after all.
Dwight: Yes, maybe I'm not. [Dwight grins and gives a sly look at the camera]
 
Holly: It's been a little tense. People are suspicious of me. And my best friend in the office won't even talk to me. Turns out being the morality police does not make you popular. I should know because in middle school I was the hall monitor and the kids used to stuff egg salad in my locker. I was just hoping middle school was over.
 
Ryan: Kendall from corporate HR is on line one and Holly is on her way in too.
Michael: What's the only thing worse than one HR rep?
Ryan: Two HR reps.
Michael: You get me.
Holly: Can I sit?
Michael: I don't know. Can you? Kendall, my main man.
Kendall: [on speakerphone] Listen, Holly, Michael, I just got the report that your branch submitted and there's a lot of stuff about a relationship Meredith is having with..
Holly: Yes, that came out during the ethics seminar.
Michael: Let the record show that it was during the immunity part of the seminar.
Kendall: Well, I'm not sure these circumstances warrant any action.
Holly: Oh, I think it is pretty clear that it was unethical.
Kendall: Well, from what I can gather it seems like a gray area. Look, to be honest the company is getting a discount at a tough time in our balance sheet and I don't know that the right thing to do for the company is to turn our noses up at that.
Holly: Umm, Kendall, I understand that the discount is good for the company but I'm just not happy about the way we are getting it.
Kendall: I thought it was clear with you, Holly. Your task was to get signatures from the employees showing that they completed the training.
Holly: No, I understand.
Kendall: Every other branch has managed to get this to us so if it's not something you can handle then that's a different discussion.
Holly: No. I can do it.
Kendall: Good.
 
Michael: How do you tell somebody that you care about deeply, "I told you so." Gently with a rose? In a funny way, like it's a hilarious joke? Or do you just let it go, because saying it would just make things worse? ... Probably the funny way.
 
Holly: Can I have everyone's attention? Excuse me, may I have everyone's attention, please. We need to finish the ethics seminar.
Andy: No way, lady.
Kevin: It's a trap.
Holly: Everyone, please, I just need your signatures to show corporate that I gave you the training.
Meredith: Don't sign anything.
Michael: Ok, everybody listen up. If you are not in that conference room in two minutes I am going to kill you.
Stanley: It's a quarter to five and I have started to gather my things.
Michael: Get in there right now or I'm gonna lose it! [everyone gets up to go in the conference room]
Meredith: Am I getting fired?
Michael: Now is really not the time, Meredith.
 
Holly: In this next section we examine the difference between sick days and personal days. Sick days are only to be used when an illness precludes you form doing your job or can spread to your coworkers. Personal days, on the other hand, are much more flexible.
 
Phyllis: Thank you, Meredith, this was delicious.
Meredith: Hey, where is the steak sauce?
Kevin: I think we're out.
Meredith: I got some in my minivan somewhere.
Andy: Wait a second, how does the steak factor in again?
Kevin: I think she got it as a tip, but I don't know why she didn't just take cash.
Phyllis: I don't care what she's doing. I just hope she keeps doing it.
Stanley: Amen. Just keep the ribs coming. 

Dwight: [looking pregnant] Hey Michael?
Michael: Yeah.
Dwight: Contractions are coming every ten minutes.
Michael: OK, just remember to keep breathing.
Dwight: My cervix is ripening.
Michael: OK, good.
 
Jim: [drawing two family trees on a whiteboard] Jan is about to have a baby with a sperm donor. And Michael is preparing for the birth of a watermelon with Dwight. Now, this baby will be related to Michael through [draws a question mark] delusion.
 
Dwight: Michael! My water's breaking!
Michael: Oh, OK! OK!
Dwight: Aaaaaaaa! What do you do? What do you do?
Michael: I get a call from Jan and I meet her at the hospital.
Dwight: Right. Highways or surface roads?
Michael: I take Quincy Ave to Gibson.
Dwight: No, Gibson is covered in potholes. Your car breaks down. Adapt!
Michael: I checked the route - there are no potholes. Come on, get in here and have the baby.
Dwight: It's about adapting to the circumstances.
Michael: [annoyed] Andy, would you like to have my baby?
Andy: Yes! Yeah. [squatting and pushing] Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaa! 
Dwight: No. OK, no. I'm crowning! I'm crowning! Aaaaaaaa! [runs into Michael's office]
Michael: All right, OK. [to Andy] Sorry. Sorry. Here we go. Here we go!
Dwight: The pressure! The pressure!
Michael: Do it! Do it! Scream! Scream it out, scream it out, scream it out.
Dwight: Aaaaaaaa!
Michael: Aaaaaaaa!
 
Dwight: Babies are one of my many areas of expertise. Growing up, I performed my own circumcision.
 
Michael: Just keep pushing...
Dwight: [lying on Michael's desk] Hold me!
Michael: I'm right here.
Dwight: Cradle my head!
Michael: I'm right here, I'm right here.
Dwight: I'm screaming, I'm screaming, I'm screaming! Aaaaaaaa!
Michael: [annoyed] All right. Dwight. Just push and breathe.
Dwight: Numb me up. I want anesthesia!
Michael: Shhh. No, you can't have it. It's too late.
Dwight: No! I don't want natural!
Michael: No. You have to just push it out!
Dwight: OK!
Michael: Keep simulating.
Dwight: Aaaaaaaa!
Michael: OK!
Dwight: Do you have the Sharpie?!
Michael: Keep simulating.
Dwight: Do you have the Sharpie?!
Michael: Yes, I do!
Dwight: OK! When the baby emerges, mark it secretly in a kind of a mark that only you could recognize and no baby snatcher can ever copy.
Michael: OK.
Dwight: Ready?!
Michael: Yes.
Dwight: Aaaaaaaa!
Michael: Aaaaaaaa! It's coming! Here we go! [drops the watermelon onto the floor] Oh! God! Wow! What was on that?
Dwight: Butter. Newborns are slippery.
Michael: Nice touch. Good. Let's try that again.
 
Michael: [eating the watermelon] It is going to be the happiest day of my life. [Dwight gets dressed behind Michael and zips his fly]
 
Michael: Hello ladies, how's my shower going? Phyllis, did you get the live storks?
Phyllis: No.
Michael: Damnit, Phyllis! I'm sorry. [more softly] Damnit, Phyllis. It was hard enough to convince Jan to come. So are we set for refreshments?
Angela: Per your instructions, we have the personalized M&Ms with the baby names. This is your boy bowl, with the name "Chevy." And this is the girl bowl, with M&Ms with the name "Astird."
Phyllis: That can't be right.
Angela: Michael wrote down "Astird."
Michael: She said it is the name of a Viking princess. So...
Meredith: Ass...turd.
Michael: I know. I know. It is beautiful. No. Thank you. Is this it? I mean, is this... Two bowls of M&Ms and some balloons? You know what Phyllis, I think you need to step it up. I think you need to get the lead out. Because if I'm not mistaken, we gave you your wedding shower here. We all came into this room and gave you a golden shower. Well you know what, where's my golden shower, Phyllis?
 
Michael: It does not matter to me at all whether this baby is biologically mine. I am going to love it. It's like when the dog nurses the tiger cub. Have you seen that video? It is... it's so bizarre and unnatural, but... it, it happens.
 
Phyllis: Hey, I'm collecting for the baby shower.
Kevin: But Phyllis, it's not his baby.
Phyllis: I know, Kevin.
Oscar: Why do we have to pay money to get a gift for his ex-girlfriend's unborn sperm bank baby?
Phyllis: Look at it as if you're paying for the cake, not the baby. Sheet cake.
 
Phyllis: I do enjoy being the head of the Party Planning Committee. I'm no longer under Angela's heel, and her little grape head is under mine.
Michael: [banging on the glass] Hey, hey. What are you doing? Don't talk to them.
Phyllis: Sorry.
Michael: Make the party. Don't - make the party, please, Phyllis. [Phyllis starts inflating a balloon with a pump] Pump it!
 
Pam: [on phone] So you know Stacy, right?
Jim: Right, the one from England.
Pam: There's no one from England, Jim. Katie studied in Ireland - this is Stacy, the one who does the Murakami-style collages.
Jim: Oh. Right, that style.
Pam: So, Stacy and Eric get to Bogre's DeTech half an hour early so they don't have to sit on the slab. 
Jim: OK...
Pam: Anyway, Bogre's TA Sarah Kaya comes in.
Jim: Wait, who's Sarah Kayacombsen?
Pam: No, Sarah Kaya comes in. Don't interrupt, I have like thirty seconds to finish this and get to DigiPres.
Jim: OK.
Pam: So Sarah Kaya says to Eric, "No way. You can't reserve seats." And Stacy gets all up in her face and Sarah Kaya picks up Stacy's new PM pad and throws it at the light box. 
Jim: [clearly just humoring her] No... way!
Pam: Yes!
Jim: Ha ha. That's hilarious?
Pam: No, it's horrible! Jim, she might get arrested.
Jim: Who, Stacy?
Pam: No, Stacy is a boy. Ugh. Frustrating. Why can't you just be in art class with me?
Jim: Uh...
Pam: Oh, wait, I gotta go, class starting. [hangs up]
Jim: OK, I'll ta...I'll talk to you later. [hangs up] That was a good story.
Dwight: Who's Sarah Kayacombsen?
 
Andy: Yo. I got the Nard-puppy for ya. What's going on here?
Angela: It's a baby game where you guess whose picture is whose.
Andy: Awww. Check it out - who would have thought that this little baby would be marrying that little baby?
Angela: That's Phyllis.
Andy: Well -
Angela: Yeah, it is. So I hope you two are very happy together. Pervert.
Andy: Why would that make me a pervert, I - 
Angela: Well, it does. That's me.
Andy: That's not you.
Angela: Yes it is.
Andy: That's mean, come on, that's - [Angela storms out]
 
Michael: Ahoy, matey.
Holly: Ahoy.
Michael: Ahoy. So, how you doin'?
Holly: Good.
Michael: Um, listen. Jan Levinson is coming in today, and she is in the terminal stages of her pregnancy - the child of which I have a vested interest. It's all kind of weird. Anyway, she is incredibly... fat and enormous right now - extremely unattractive. And you are, on the other hand, one of the more attractive people in the office. So, while she's here I am going to be acting kind of cold to you. And I am doing this to pay respect to her bloated feelings. And I'm treating Ryan the same way.
Holly: Of course. Yeah.
 
Stanley: I do not like pregnant women in my workspace. They're always complaining. I have varicose veins, too. I have swollen ankles, I'm constantly hungry - do you think my nipples don't get sore too? Do you think I don't need to know the fastest way to the hospital?
 
Jim: [Jan enters the office, pushing a stroller] Jan.
Jan: Hi, Jim!
Jim: What do we have here?
Jan: This is my baby.
Jim: Really... 
Dwight: Oh no... [Michael enters and notices Jan's baby]
 
Dwight: Jan had the baby and Michael wasn't there to mark it. So the baby could be anybody's. Except Michael's.
 
Michael: So this is Astird.
Jan: Astrid.
Michael: Oh, OK. Why didn't you call me?
Jan: Well, um, you know, labor just kind of started very suddenly and-
Michael: I could have helped.
Jan: And the birth instructor thought it wasn't a good idea for you to be there, so...
Michael: Oh, man. Him? That guy? He had no sense of humor and I proved him wrong in so many ways.
Jan: OK, you don't have any idea what I've been through, so, let's...
Michael: No, I don't!
Jan: I'm sorry, I thought today at the baby shower would be a good time for the two of you to meet.
Michael: Can I hold her?
Jan: Yes, yes you can. You know, I think, just leave her in the car seat. Yeah.
Michael: [cradling the car seat awkwardly] All right, OK.
 
Michael: I love babies. I think they are beautiful in all sorts of different ways. I try to pick up and hold a baby every day, if possible, because it nourishes me. It feeds my soul. Babies are drawn to me, and I think it's because they see me as one of them. But cooler, and with my life put together a little bit. If a baby were president, there would be no taxes, there would be no war. There would be no government, and things could get terrible. It actually, probably - it would be a better screenplay idea than a serious suggestion.
 
Michael: [carrying the car seat] Ladies and gentlemen, it is my privilege and honor to present for the first time in her life and in the office: Assst...
Jan: trid.
Michael: ...trid Levinson. Hi! Astrid, this is everybody, look. This is your family. You're going to know them for the rest of your life. 
Jan: Well... 
Michael: [looking at Creed] Well, he may not be here. Say hello! OK, here we go. [lifting the car seat high above his head] Lion King!
Jan: Michael, Michael, Michael, that's... yeah... that's too high. I'll take that.
Michael: OK, come on, let's get our shower on. Conference room, choppity chip chop.
Holly: You OK? You seem kind of... 
Michael: [sees Jan sizing up Holly] I'm fine, weirdo. Such an HR weirdo. Try not to suck all the air out of there when you walk in.
 
Michael: Ready to play some games? Let's do it!
Kevin: Michael, the baby's already been born.
Michael: Uh, duh.
Kevin: So we had games planned but the baby ruins all of them.
Michael: No, the baby doesn't ruin anything, Kevin, OK? The baby multiplies the fun. Let's just do what you were going to do.
Kevin: OK... Who wants to guess when the baby will be born?
Michael: All right, how about some presents? I want to see some presents. [holding a memo pad] I got this so I can write down for thank-you notes.
Jan: Thank you. That's very sweet of you.
Michael: Whatta we got?
Angela: Um, we all chipped in and got you this stroller.
Michael: Oh! 
Jan: Thank you.
Michael: She already has a stroller.
Kelly: And this is way worse than the stroller she came with.
Oscar: She's got an Orbit; that's a twelve hundred dollar stroller.
Dwight: Huh. Twelve hundred dollars for a stroller? Phhhbt.
Michael: OK, what else?
 
Dwight: Twelve hundred dollars is what I spent on my whole bomb shelter. For that kind of money, this stroller should be indestructible. [straps the watermelon into the stroller on the elevator]
 
Jan: [singing "Son of a Preacher Man" to Astrid] Being good isn't always easy / No matter how hard I try / When he started sweet-talking to me / He'd come and tell me everything is all right / He'd kiss and tell me everything is all right / Can I get away again tonight / The only one... 
 
Pam: Hey you!
Jim: [on phone] Hey! You busy?
Pam: Not even. I'm doing laundry for the first time in like a month.
Jim: OK, OK, so you gotta hear this. So, Jan's shower is going on right now, and she's singing "Son of a Preacher Man" and everyone's just staring at her.
Pam: I can't hear anything, there's like, there's like machines going-
Jim: The song is about losing your virginity next to a church, and guess what - she's been singing for the last twenty minutes!
Pam: I can't hear anything!
Jim: Oh. OK, well you know what, I um, just call me later.
Pam: OK.
 
Pam: I'm not frustrated. Even if I were in Scranton, Jim and I would have days like this. We're just... a little out of sync. You know, that's all. Oh, great. I washed my lipstick.
 
Jan: [now belting out the lyrics, even though Astrid is asleep] How well I remember / The look that was in his eyes / Stealing kisses from me on the sly / Taking time to make time / Telling me that he's all mine / Learning from each other's knowing / Looking to see how much we've grown / And the only one... 
 
Dwight: [heaving the stroller into a tire yard] Don't hit the fence. Oh no, my child!
 
Dwight: [throwing the stroller against a high chain link fence] Don't get stuck on the barbed wire!
 
Dwight: [tossing the stroller off a tall heap of tires] Playtime is over!
 
Andy: So Jan, tell my intended about the miracle of childbirth.
Jan: Well, actually, I, uh, I had a tub birth. And it was really, really quite amazing.
Angela: You gave birth in a tub?
Jan: Yeah, it's a really nice transition from womb to world, you know, kind of like a big womb.
Kelly: Um, so you're in the tub with everything?
Jan: Oh, yeah, the afterbirth floats, yeah.
Creed: Must be like the tide at Omaha Beach.
Jan: Oh no, it's actually really hygienic, Creed.
Creed: Ugh.
Stanley: I'm done.
Oscar: Me too.
Jan: And after the birth you get out and deliver the afterbirth. [everyone starts leaving]
Michael: Hey! Hey, no no no no no no no no. No. No. This is the birth story. It was beautiful. It was beautiful. This is a once-in-a-lifetime experience. And I should have been there. I should have been there to witness this.
 
Michael: I could have helped.
Jan: You're sad about this. I know that, and I wish that I... but... would it help if you held Astrid for just a, a little bit?
Michael: [smiling] Uh, yeah. 
Jan: All right. Um, I'm just going to lie down for a couple of minutes. I'm exhausted, so um. Remind me to talk to you about Astrid's 529. Wake me in twenty.
Michael: [voiceover] I usually love babies, but when I held Astrid I just felt... shortchanged.
Michael: Phyllis? Could you take-.
 
Michael: Hey guys.
Darryl: What's up, Mike?
Michael: Uh, I need some advice from one baby daddy to another.
Darryl: You a baby daddy?
Michael: Yeah, I a baby daddy. Um, when you first became a baby daddy, did you have an immediate connection with that baby? Like, the first time that you held it, did you find that with your baby baby?
Darryl: Hell yeah. You know why? Because that was my baby.
Michael: I just saw this baby daddy-
Darryl: You should stop calling yourself "baby daddy."
Michael: Why, Darryl, because I'm quote white quote unquote?
Darryl: Because you're not a daddy, and it's not your baby.
Michael: Well-
Darryl: You feel connected to his baby over there?
Michael: It's- that's different.
Darryl: You feel connected to this? [hold up his back brace]
Michael: That's not a baby.
Darryl: You want to hold me, to see how you feel?
Michael: [sighs] Could I?
Darryl: No.
 
Jan: [wakes up on the reception couch] Oh. I was just catching up on my sleep.
Holly: I can imagine.
Jan: Where's Astrid?
Holly: Oh, I think she's on a sales call.
Jan: On a what?
Holly: Waaa! More paper! Waaa! [she cracks herself up but Jan is unimpressed] No, she's just on a coffee break.
Jan: [sarcastically] That's funny.
Holly: She's with Angela.
 
Angela: [with Astrid covered in and surrounded by vegetables on a lunch table] That's good. Now, I need you to - I need it to look up here. Get the baby to look up here, ready?
Andy: OK. Yeah. Look at my finger. Look. Looook!
Angela: Now. Come on, up here!
Andy: Look up here!
Angela: Your hand's in it.
Andy: What? Sorry.
Angela: Yeah, that's a good one.
Jan: What are you doing? What's going on? Excuse me.
Andy: We're taking a picture.
Jan: [picking up Astrid] There you are.
Andy: She's nature's bounty.
Jan: You don't flash around a newborn baby. Don't you know that?
 
Jan: Michael, I need your help.
Michael: [sees Holly behind Jan] I was just going to... I was going to talk to Holly, about her hygiene. She smells like old tomatoes and dirt.
Jan: Uh... come on.
 
Dwight: I like to call this... the bumper test. [drags the stroller behind his car and runs into it several times]
 
Michael: Sure you can't stay a little longer?
Jan: Oh, no, Michael, you know what? I really have to go.
Michael: All right. All right, everybody, we're leaving. Jan and Astrid are leaving.
Jan: You know what, where is the stroller that I came in with?
Dwight: Oh. I took the liberty of putting it in your trunk.
Jan: Ah. Thanks, Dwight.
 
Jan: OK. You know what? There is, uh, there is one more thing that you can do for me. 
Michael: OK?
Jan: Don't date Holly.
Michael: Wha - that's, I hate her. Wha - God! Why would you even ask me to - I, I mean, not that it matters, 'cause I don't, but wha - OK, all right, fine.
Jan: Thanks for the baby shower. It was great. And I'll see you... soon.
Michael: All right.
Jan: OK.
 
Holly: You still gonna be mean to me?
Michael: [just hugs her, and she hugs him back and smiles] You wanna go out?
Holly: Yes.
 
Michael: I didn't feel much when I held Astrid, but I got a good feeling from Holly.
 
Jim: [on voicemail] Hey, it's Jim. Leave a message.
Pam: Hi.
Pam: [on voicemail, because she's calling Jim at the same time] Hi, this is Pam. Leave a message.
Jim: [walking to his car] Hey, it's me. It is 5:03.
Pam: I figured I'd catch you walking to your car, but... 
Jim: You must be out or something.
Pam: I'll leave a message.
Jim: Is it me, or are we just a little off today?
Pam: I guess this is just one of those days. It'll get better.
Jim: Hope you didn't have any major laundry issues.
Pam: I finished my laundry. Got all my socks. Nothing like that time that crazy guy pushed you.
Jim: Remember that time that I helped you do your laundry and that crazy guy came in and started yelling at you?
Pam: And then, remember, we went shopping the next day to buy me a washer and dryer?
Jim: Yet here you are, back in a Laundromat. Now, I'm just trying to help you, Beesly. Be safe.
Pam: You're probably upset that I'm even at a Laundromat right now. But, don't worry, I'm being safe. And I'm headed home. I'm... headed to my dorm. Not home.
Jim: Wish you were home. Uh, anyway... 
Pam: Anyway, um... I miss you.
Jim: I miss you.

Receptionist: Pam, line three.
Pam: Okay, thanks.
 
Pam: New York, as it turns out, is very expensive, and I ran out of money. I thought about selling a kidney, but Michael offered to get me a part-time job at corporate.
 
Pam: Hey.
Michael [on phone]: Paaam-o-laaaaaa...
 
Pam: Of course, now Michael knows where to reach me 16 to 18 hours a week.
 
Pam: Hey Michael.
Michael [on phone]: Paaam-o-laaaaaa... Miss ya kiddo. Miss you... so much.
 
Michael: Hey.
Holly: Hello.
Michael: That was really fun last night.
Holly: Yeah, it was nice.
Michael: I'm actually thinking about getting my own set of putt-putt golf clubs.
Holly: Oh, that would be great. You need that.
Michael: Yeah?
Holly: Yeah.
Michael: Oh really?
Holly: Yeah.
Michael: Well...
Holly: It would help.
Michael: I, uh... [to camera] I let her win.
Holly: [to camera] No, he didn't.
Michael: So, when, um, can I see you again?
Holly: Um, tonight, I'm free tonight. Is that too eager? [laughs] 
Michael: No.
Holly: I don't care, free tonight.
Michael: Okay. Oh, wait, oh, tonight's no good. [Holly's smile quickly fades] Because I am busy taking you out.
Holly: [gasps] Oh, I just remembered, I can't tonight.
Michael: [concerned] Why?
Holly: I'm going out with you.
Michael: Wow... Oh, wait a second, I can't tonight...
Holly: [shakes head] No more.
Michael: Tonight's so...
Holly: No more.
Michael: Too many times. It's all good, um, alright, so, good, so, have a nice day.
Holly: Thank you, you too.
Michael: You're welcome.
 
Michael: In my opinion, the third date is traditionally the one where... you have sex. Does Holly feel that way? I don't know. I will probably find out tonight. If she starts having sex with me I'll know for sure.
 
Andy: That's for you. And, um, oh. I am right in assuming that Dwight is short for D-Money. 'Cause that's what I wrote on your save-the-date.
Dwight: [whispering] You set a date?
Andy: J-Money. Or should it be T-Money, for Tuna? Receptionist Money. K-Money.
 
Phyllis: [sigh] What are you making?
Dwight: A knife.
Phyllis: You're making a knife with a knife?
Dwight: You got a better way?
Phyllis: You want to talk about it?
Dwight: About what?
Phyllis: You know I know. [looks at the camera guys] You know they know.
Dwight: I know none of that. If I did, you'd be the last to know.
 
Holly: Oh, the mall could be fun.
Michael: Yeah.
Holly: We could go to the food court and get different foods. You could get Chicken Teriyaki. I could get a hot dog.
Michael: Some of what we order depends on whether we're having sex after. [laughs] Oh, my. Wow, elephant in the room. Are we, do you think? Do you think we're going to have sex tonight?
Holly: ...Hell yeah.
Michael: Okay, so, we do the restaurant thing and then... then... then we can do... We'll just do the restaurant thing first.
Holly: Yeah, that's good.
 
Michael: Probably get soup or something light. 
 
Phyllis: Hi.
Dwight: She introduced me to so many things. Pasteurized milk, sheets, monotheism, presents on your birthday, preventative medicine.
Phyllis: It's nice to learn new things.
Dwight: I was talking to myself.
Phyllis: Okay.
Dwight: I just don't get it.
Phyllis: What don't you get?
Dwight: Why is she marrying Andy?
Phyllis: Angela's not really a risk taker. And Andy's not really a risk.
Dwight: That's really fattening.
Phyllis: No, it's lettuce.
 
Holly: [playing cards] It's time to go.
Michael: No. No. Reservations are at 8:00, so we've got like an hour and 45 minutes. [sighs] [goofy voice] I'm a crazy eight, I'm crazy.
Holly: You're crazy, go crazy.
 
Holly: [walking out of the building] Oh, I forgot my keys.
Michael: Do you need 'em?
Holly: Yeah, lets go grab them.
Michael: All right.
Holly: Oh, after vous. [walking into the girls bathroom]
Michael: Thank vous. [chuckling] What? Oh! [kissing]
Holly: I didn't forget my keys, I just didn't want to make out with you in front of the cameras. Do you think they can hear us?
Michael: Not if we turn these dials [getting louder] all the way down. [whispering] Now they can't hear us at all.
Holly: Oh, good.
Michael: We're totally alone.
 
Angela: Yes, that's correct. I need to cancel checks from 10,001 to 90,000.
Oscar: Great, they stole my laptop.
Kevin: Yeah, well, they stole my surge protector.
Oscar: How does that even compare?
Kevin: Oscar, I'm now going to be prone to surges.
 
Michael: Oh, my God, what happened?
Jim: We were robbed last night.
Dwight: Bravo, Watson. Looks like a classic seven-man job. Okay, security tapes were stolen, Motives-financial, or possible, vintage HP computer collectors. Hank down at security had clocked out. And that's all we have.
Holly: Can I talk to you for a second?
Michael: Yeah. Oh... oh!
Holly: That wasn't us, right? I mean... you remembered to lock the doors?
Michael: No, did you?
Holly: Michael I think this is our fault.
Michael: Oh, no, my God. 
Holly: Oh...
Michael: Oh my God!
 
Michael: So much for sex without consequences.
 
Pam [on phone]: [Jim holds up phone] You are such a dork! Shots!
Jim: So apparently Pam went out last night, and accidentally called my work phone at 3:00 in the morning.
Pam [on phone]: I'm not drunk.
Jim: I'm on minute six of this message.
Pam [on phone]: Okay, I do not sound like that.
Man on phone: You can take the girl out of Philly...
Pam [on phone]: Scranton.
Jim: The future mother of my children.
 
Angela: I never felt safe here.
Andy: You're always safe with me. I'm a very good screamer. And one day, we're going to move to Disney's Celebration Village in Florida and leave all of this behind.
Angela: I would very much like that.
Andy: Yeah?
Angela: Yeah.
Andy: [cockney accent] Consider yourself... at home! 
Dwight: [Dwight groans] Ugh.
 
Dwight: Get in.
Phyllis: Where are we going?
Dwight: I know she loves me, Phyllis. I am sure of it. She practically told me so.
Phyllis: Then you need to give her an ultimatum. Tell her she needs to make a choice. You or Andy. If she pick you, great. If not, you can move on.
Dwight: Are you sure that's going to work?
Phyllis: It did when Bob said I had to stop talking to my sister on the phone so much.
Dwight: Wait, this isn't our floor. Dwight...
 
Holly: How's everyone doing? My door is always open if anyone wants to talk.
Oscar: I don't want to talk. I want my laptop back.
 
Creed: Nobody steals from Creed Bratton and gets away with it. The last person to do this disappeared. His name? [whispering] Creed Bratton.
 
Michael: We're gonna make everything all right. Alright? Conference room, 15 minutes. Half an hour. Alright?
 
Michael: To recoup their losses, I am planning a little charity auction, where people from all over Scranton can come and bid on our goods and services. I'm calling it crime-aid. It's like farm aid, but instead of farms fighting against AIDS, it is us fighting against our own poverty.
 
Phyllis: I think it's a fun idea.
Michael: Thank you.
Phyllis: We could auction off things we do for each other like cleaning or tennis lessons. My sorority did it all the time.
Michael: Okay, I'm gonna have to stop you right there. Was this a sorority that you didn't get into a real sorority so you had to kind of form your own?
Phyllis: Move on, Michael.
Michael: Okay. Okay! Well, come on, let's have an auction. Let's do this. We'll auction off people like in the olden days.
Oscar: So, in order to recoup the value of items we liked, we have to spend more money on things we don't want. Who would ever come to this?
Michael: I don't know, it could be any number of people. It could be a pedestrian. It could be an old person. It could be a lookie-loo. Or, it could be... a Bruce Springsteen fan - what? Who said that? I did. Why did I say that? Oh, I think you know why I said that. I think it is very apparent. I think it goes without saying. Bear with me. There's a point there. But what is the point? I don't understand what he's saying. It seems a little shady. It seems a little foggy. Well, it's not a little foggy there's actually something going on here-
Jim: Do you need us for any of this?
Michael: Do I?
 
Holly: Michael scored the big ticket item. Springsteen tickets! The boss scored the boss.
Michael: Yeah, I think that's pretty boss.
Holly: He knows how to get things. He got me.
Michael: Whoa!
Holly: [giggles] Sorry.
Michael: Twice. ... Right?
Holly: Mm-hmm.
Michael: Mm-hmm.
Holly: Mm-hmm.
 
Dwight: Listen to me close. 'Cause I'm only gonna say this once. You either break off your engagement with that singing buffoon, apologize, and then date me, or you can say good-bye to this. [points below his belt]
Angela: I think you have me confused with another person.
Dwight: I said I was only gonna say this once. You have until 6:14 PM. 6:14!
Angela: I heard you. [quickly walks away]
 
Michael: Pump it up! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! [Huey Lewis' Heart of Rock and Roll plays] Pump up the volume. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you, Mr. Springsteen. [music stops] And welcome to C.R.I.M.E.-A.I.D. [clears throat] Crime Reduces Innocence Makes Everyone Angry I Declare. It is not known how many office robberies occur every second because there is no Wikipedia entry for office robbery statistics. However, tonight, its victims, are standing together and standing strong in the form of song, cooking lessons, and hugs. Really Phyllis? You're auctioning a hug? Okay, so with no further ado, lights, camera, auction! Take it away Bruce! [Huey Lewis' Heart of Rock and Roll plays]
 
Darryl: Mike gave me a list of his top ten Springsteen songs. Three of them were Huey Lewis and the News. One was Tracy Chapman, Fast Car. And my personal favorite, Short People.
 
Michael: Okay, this is the moment that you have all been waiting for. Our first item up for bids tonight is something that I consider to be very boss indeed. [cheers and applause] It is a Yoga lesson from Holly Flax! Yoga! And I would like to start the bidding off at 300 dollars. [auctioneer voice] 300 dollars do I hear 300 dollars? 300 dollars. Hey, batter batter batter, hey batter, swing batter, 300 dollars, 300 dollars, 300 dollars. Anybody, 300 dollars. 400 dollars. Who wants for 400-[speaking gibberish] Do I see somebody in the back? Is there somebody in the back? Do I see somebody in the back? 400-450 [speaking gibberish] Sold! For 300 dollars to me! [bangs gavel, which squeaks] What the hell is that?
Phyllis: It's the only gavel I could find.
Michael: It squeaks when you bang it, that's what she said. Let's hear it for me! Right? A bargain at any price!
Darryl: Hey Mike, do my thing.
Michael: Oh, yes, great. Very good, Um, so, Darryl, and the boys in the hood in the warehouse, have graciously donated to, uh, go out for a beer with them right now. You know what, I'm actually going to bid on this. I'm going to start the bidding, because this is something that I have dreamt of-
Darryl: Mike, you can't do that. It's conflict of interest.
Jim: 5 dollars.
Darryl: Sold! To Jim.
Michael: Okay. Okay, sold! Have fun, you guys. Well, this next item is sure to spring steam from your ears if you don't win it. It just says "Creed."
Creed: Yeah, that's all-inclusive.
 
Darryl: She thought I was McNabb. [laughing]
Jim: I can see that.
Darryl: Yeah, well, watcha gonna do?
Jim: Another round, boys? Great. [Jim walks to the bar]
Roy: Halpert?
Darryl: What's up, Roy?
Jim: Hey man.
Roy: I'm not gonna hit you or anything.
Jim: Oh, I wouldn't-[clears throat]
Roy: You good?
Jim: I'm good. How you doing?
Roy: I'm good.
Jim: Yeah, okay.
Roy: Hey Darryl, what's happenin'?
Darryl: Oh, what's up, Roy?
Roy: Hey, what's up, guys? How you been?
 
Kevin: Hi, I'm Kevin. And I'll do your taxes.
Michael: Let's hear an opening bid, everybody. Who's first? Kevin do your taxes. He's the tax man. Kevin the tax man.
Kevin: Federal and State.
Michael: Federal and State. [no one bids]
Kevin: Fine. [throws down microphone, knocks down microphone stand]
Michael: Okay, alright. Hey, you know what? I would appreciate it if people would stop storming off the stage.
 
Hank [the security guard]: [playing blues on a guitar] Me and the blues. It's me and the blues. [Dwight looks at his watch, then at Angela, who looks away from Dwight towards Andy]
 
Michael: We are getting there folks. Slow and steady. [David Wallace walks in] Well, well, have we been blessed today. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. David Wallace! Whoo!
David Wallace: Hey.
Michael: Hey!
David Wallace: Thank you Michael, thanks, thanks everybody. I'd like to auction off a weekend at my place in Martha's Vineyard. Hey, hey!
Oscar: 100 dollars.
Michael: 100 dollars, great.
Bob: 125.
Guy in audience: 140.
Dwight: Hey Phyllis, someone let the air out of your tires. Come quick.
Phyllis: Oh dear.
Michael: Keep it going. Hey batter batter batter.
Guy in audience: 160.
Michael: 160.
 
Dwight: I had to get your attention. This is an emergency. [the air is let out of one of Phyllis' tires]
Phyllis: Why couldn't have you just said it? Why did you actually do it?
Dwight: Listen, she ignored my ultimatum. Now what?
Phyllis: Now you move on.
Dwight: Okay, fine. I've moved on. Now how do I get her back?
Phyllis: Well Dwight, I don't think you do. I think you've got your answer.
Dwight: Wait, that's it? That's your advice? I thought you had some kind of big master plan.
Phyllis: Well, I just think we all deserve to be with someone who wants to be with us.
Dwight: Oh. I get it. You're trying to secure your place as head of the party-planning committee. You're just being selfish. [Phyllis slaps Dwight] And you slap like a girl.
 
Dwight: What did Phyllis do wrong? I'll tell you what Phyllis did wrong. She stuck her nose into my business and tried to help me. [Dwight has an epiphany]
 
Roy: What's going on with Pam? 
Jim: Oh, she's good actually.
Roy: Yeah?
Jim: She's, um, she's in New York. She's at an art school.
Roy: Really?
Jim: Yeah, she's doing really well.
Roy: Huh.
Jim: She's engaged, um... to me.
Roy: [laughs] Congrats, man.
Jim: Oh, thanks man. Appreciate that.
Roy: So Pam's happy?
Jim: Yeah, I'd say she's happy. I mean, she loves her classes. Loves the city. I mean, last night, she was out with her friends, till, like, 8:00 AM.
Roy: Wow.
Jim: What?
Roy: I thought you were a friend.
 
Jim: [driving] I am going to see Pam. Because I feel like I should. [sighs]
 
Bob: When are you getting to Bruce?
Michael: Uh, just a few more items.
All: [chanting] Bruce! Bruce! Bruce!
Michael: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right! Here we go. All right, big ticket item. [cheering] All right, in my pocket, I have... two tickets... to Mr. Bruce Springsteen, front... Oh, where are those? Has anyone seen an envelope with Bruce Springsteen front row tickets and backstage passes? Anybody seen something like-lying around? 
Stanley: Do you want us to look for 'em?
Michael: No. I think they were stolen. I think they were stolen and they're gone forever. So... oh, that was the last good item. So, good job, everybody.
Phyllis: I have my hug.
Michael: Yeah, well, Phyllis, nobody... really wants a hug, so.
Bob: I'll bid on a hug.
Michael: She's your wife, you idiot.
Bob: 100 dollars.
David Wallace: 200.
Michael: Uh, what the hell is happening?
Andy: 250.
Angela: What are you doing?
Andy: I need a hug, unless you're gonna give me one.
Angela: Not here.
Bob: 300.
Michael: 300, we have 300. 300 going once. 300 going twice.
Dwight: 300 and one penny.
Michael: 300 and one penny, 300 and one penny.
Bob: 325.
Michael: 325, 325.
David Wallace: 350.
Michael: 350.
Dwight: 350 and one penny.
Michael: 350 and one penny.
Bob: 400. 
Michael: 400, 400 hey batter batter.
Dwight: 400 and one penny.
Michael: 400 and one penny.
Bob: 500.
Michael: 500.
Dwight: 500 and one penny.
Michael: 500 and one penny. One million dollar!
Bob: 700.
Michael: 700.
Dwight: 700 and one penny.
Michael: Humuna-humuna-humuna-humuna-humuna-
Bob: 1,000
Dwight: Eh, it's not worth it.
Michael: 1,000 going once, 1,000 going twice. Sold for 1,000 dollar. [applause] Nicely done.
 
Jim: [driving, sighs, laughs] No. you know what? No. Because... I'm not that guy. And [laughs] we are not that couple. [turns around]
 
Michael: [whispering] Hey, that looks good. Listen, about the tickets. It's sort of a gray-kind of a gray area in terms of...whether or not I had them- [Holly covers Michaels mouth]
 
Holly: The Springsteen tickets seemed too good to be true. But, a lot of Michael seems too good to be true. So far it's all true. But yeah, those tickets, really seemed too good to be true.
 
David Wallace: [after accidentally seeing Michael and Holly kiss] No, I did not know that Michael was dating Holly.

Kelly: [dressed as Carrie Bradshaw] Wow you guys look amazing. Stanley, I thought you hated Halloween.
Phyllis: [dressed as Raggedy Ann] Shh. He wears that so he can sleep at his desk. Who are you?
Kelly: Oh, I'm Carrie Bradshaw from Sex And The City.
Phyllis: Mm. I like your shoes. [Kelly has 5-inch heels on]
Kelly: Thank you. Will you help walk me to the fax machine?
Phyllis: Sure.
Ryan: I got her, I got her. I can help you. You look amazing.
Kelly: Inappropriate. Thank you. Who are you, Larry King?
Ryan: Gordon Gekko. 
Kelly: Oh, from the insurance commercials!
Ryan: ... Yeah.
 
Oscar: [Creed dressed as the Joker enters] Whoa. Awesome.
Creed: Let's put a smile on that face!
Kevin: [also dressed as the Joker] Dammit Creed! I've been up since four!
 
Andy: [dressed as a kitten] Meow. Sweet 'stume, dude. Who are you supposed to be?
Jim: Dave.
Andy: Cool.
Jim: You are? [Andy hisses] A cat?
Andy: [buzzer noise] We were looking for "kitten."
Jim: [phone] Oh, hang on one second. Jim Halpert.
Pam: Hey.
Jim: Hey New York, Happy Halloween!
Pam: Thanks. My costume's getting a lot of attention. [Pam is dressed as Charlie Chaplin]
 
Pam: So apparently no one dresses up for Halloween here. I wish I had known that before I used greasepaint for my moustache. And I can't even take off my hat, because then I'm Hitler.
 
Dwight: [dressed as the Joker] Hm mm mm mm. Want to see a magic trick? Heh heh heh! I'm gonna make a pencil disapp-- oh! [elevator doors close, reopen.] Disappear.
 
Michael: Okay, I think we are set. We have puzzles, string for Cat's Cradles. Burned this last night. A little road trip CD. Puppets. 
Holly: Oh, look at all this stuff! It's only seven hours.
 
Michael: When Corporate found out that we were dating, they decided they were going to transfer Holly back to her old branch, in Nashua, New Hampshire. 
 
Holly: Michael is taking a personal day to move me up.
Michael: Road trip! Right?
Holly: Breaker one-nine, copy?
Michael: Oh, copy that breaker. Those Duke boys are at it again.
Darryl: Hey! Do Not Touch My Radio.
Michael: We're not.
Holly: Kidding.
Michael: We're not doing anything.
 
Holly: It's been a weird week since we found out I had to transfer. Michael wanted me to quit and get some job here in Scranton, and I said "Well, why don't you quit and get some job in Nashua?" And he said "I asked you first." And I said "First!" at the same time he did. And then I said "Jinx." And then we never talked about it again and haven't been back to the conversation. So...
 
Michael: All right everybody. I'm out of here. Jim, you're in charge.
Jim: Oh, I'll walk you out.
Michael: Ah, you are quite the gentleman.
 
Michael: You can let people go a couple of minutes early if you want. 
Jim: All right. We'll see. [to camera] No.
 
Jim: I am off to New York. My brother Pete from Boston, and my brother Tom from New Jersey are taking Pam and I out for lunch, to celebrate the engagement. Or maybe to beat me up. I can never tell with those two. 
 
Dwight: Good morning temp.
Ryan: 'Morning. [Dwight reveals Cornell sweatshirt] Wow. Good morning Dwight.
Dwight: Thought I'd go casual today. Morning everyone. Good morning. Hello. How are you Phyllis?
Andy: Ha ha ha. That's funny. [angrily] Take that sweatshirt off! Hey buddy. 
Dwight: Andy.
Andy: Remember when I jokingly yelled at you to take your sweatshirt off? Totally joking. But, you should know, those colors are sacred. Not that I care. But if you're not a Cornell man, you probably shouldn't wear them.
Dwight: No I get it. I totally understand. And uh, I just want to assure you, that I mean no disrespect. You see, I'm applying!
Andy: Come on, you think you can get into Cornell?
Dwight: Well if somebody who barely out-sells Phyllis, can get in, I should be fine.
Phyllis: I'm sitting right here Dwight.
Dwight: I meant that as a compliment to you Phyllis, as well as a slight to Andy.
 
Dwight: Cornell is a good school, and I want to better myself through higher education. If it makes Andy angry, so be it. [He sips from his Cornell mug]
 
Holly: I have to unpack this weekend but maybe next weekend we go to the outlets!
Michael: Cool!
Darryl: Mike you'll drive this every weekend?
Michael: We're gonna switch back and forth, the driving. Sometimes we'll just meet in the middle. It'll be fun. Wait a sec. Oh I love this song.
Michael and Holly: Life is a highway, I want to ride it all night long. 
Michael, Holly, and Darryl: If you're going my way, I wanna drive you all night long! If you're going my way...
 
Dwight: Hey there. So uh, how do you think we're gonna do against Penn this year? Nathan Ford's arm looks pretty strong.
Andy: Well he's had a pretty good season so far--- Stop saying "we." You did not go to Cornell. Okay, you're just doing this to screw with me.
Dwight: Not so. Cornell is an excellent school. Without its agricultural program, we probably wouldn't have cabbage. At least not modern cabbage.
Andy: I know it's an excellent school, Dwight. I went there. My blood runs Big Red.
Dwight: Someday, we'll both get together in Comstock Hall and just laugh about all of this.
 
Pam: Hey!
Tom: Hey, future baby sis! 
Pam: How are you Tom. Nice to see you.
Tom: I'm good. 
 
Pam: I asked Tom and Pete to come early so we could play a prank on Jim at lunch! Pretty awesome, right? I think they're into the idea. They're probably thinking, "That Pam Beasly, she's the coolest sister-in-law on the planet. She's the best! The absolute best."
 
Pam: Okay, so here's what I'm thinking. I'm gonna say that before ceramics class, I took off my ring, and then when I changed back out of my smock, it wasn't in my pocket anymore, and I lost it. 
Pete: That's perfect. You know what would be even more hilarious? Remember that thing we did when Jim was in high school with his girlfriend?
Tom: Right! That would be hilarious! We should totally dog her, about being an artist, never making any money!
Pete: That, is awesome!
Tom: Like she basically has a hobby, for a job.
Pete: Oh yeah.
Pam: So, not the ring then? The- the- Not doing the ring?
Pete: I think this is better.
Tom: The other thing would "get" Jim.
Pete: This is nicer, it's fun. It's fun!
Pam: Okay, okay.
Tom: Oh, he hates it when we pick on his girlfriends.
Pam: Oookay....
 
Pam: They came up with that idea really fast.
 
Darryl: This trip was longer than I thought.
Holly: Yeah it did look shorter on the map-
Michael: Ah! Ah! Ahhhh! [waking up] Hey. Whew. Ow. I was having a nightmare.
Holly: You were sleeping? You were talking before.
Michael: Was I? Really? Was I saying anything interesting?
Darryl: Not really.
Michael: All right. What's the scoop, how far?
Darryl: Four hours. Almost halfway there.
Holly: We're only halfway?
Michael: Halfway! Okay, You know what I want to do, I want to pull over and find little bed and breakfast for when we meet in the middle. Emphasis on the bed. And the breakfast.
Darryl: Next exit isn't for five miles.
Holly: Let's check there.
 
Pam: Hey guys.
Jim: Hey, how are you? 
Pam: Hi! [smooches]
Jim: Good to see you.
Pete: Nice to see you again, Pam.
Tom: Pam, I haven't seen you in so, so long! 
Jim: All right so now we can sit... and get comfortable.
 
Darryl: There's nothing out here man.
Michael: Yeah. I don't know I just- I imagined a hotel right here. Pool, over here. Really good breakfast place. With really good bacon.
 
Michael: Here we go, fourth time's a charm. "Life's like a road where you just... one day here, and the next day back...Sometimes you deal with it, today you don't, sometimes you do, what you want... there's a world out there.... [Holly sobs] Hey. Are you crying?
Holly: No.
Michael: Allergies?
Holly: No.
Michael: Did Darryl touch you?
Darryl: WHAT!?
Holly: No, Darryl did not touch me. Can we just keep going, please? [crying]
 
Michael: What's the matter?
Holly: It's not gonna work.
Michael: Sure it is.
Holly: There's too much distance.
Michael: Oh no no no.. It's gonna work, it'll be fine.
Holly: Michael we've only been dating each other for a few weeks
Michael: Listen to me. I like you so much.
Holly: And I like you too.
Michael: And I've dated four women in the last--
Holly: I've dated four guys last year too.
Michael: Not last - no. In like the last ten years.
Holly: Oh.
Michael: I've dated almost four women, and you are so far above them, it is stupid.
Holly: Michael. Don't. Don't. Don't make it harder than it has to be.
Michael: That's what she said.
 
Michael: Holly thinks that this relationship is over. Well, you know what? I am not gonna give up that easy. I'm gonna make this way harder than it needs to be.
 
Andy: Take that down. [Dwight has hung a large red Cornell banner from the ceiling]
Dwight: Excuse me?
Andy: Take. That down.
Meredith: You know I once dated a couple of guys from Cornell. They were really nice. They gave me a ride home.
Andy: I seriously doubt that anyone from Cornell dated you.
Creed: It's pronounced Ker-nell. It's the highest rank in the military.
Andy: It's pronounced "Corn-ell!" It's the highest rank in the Ivy League!
Dwight: Andy, let's just talk about this man-to-man, after work.
Andy: Fine. 
Dwight: What do you say?
Andy: Yeah, good. Can we--- [Dwight pulls out Cornell mascot bobble-head] Grr. Heh heh heh. That's Big Red Bear! That's a bobble Big Red Bear! God!!
 
Holly: If you leave on Friday, by five, you'll be rolling in at... midnight? At best?
Michael: Yeah.
Holly: And then sleep in Saturday. That only leaves us less than 24 hours before you have to go back again.
Michael: Okay, okay. I will talk to you on the Bluetooth the entire trip. So we're talking constantly all the way. 
Holly: Oh. 
Michael: I'll tell you everything that I see. Everything that I pass by, things that I witness on the road.
Holly: Well-
Michael: Maybe I'll see an accident one weekend?
Holly: How long could we keep that up?
Michael: Years!
Holly: Years?
Michael: Yeah.
Holly: Years? Of just a few hours every weekend?
Michael: Here's my wish. I want you to meet a great guy, and I want you to be happy.
Holly: [kisses his temple] Thank you.
Michael: My wish has come true, incidentally, because, you've met me, and you are happy.
Darryl: Clever, Mike.
 
Tom: So Pam, how much does an artist make after they leave art school?
Pete: Yeah, not a lot of money in the arts, right?
Jim: That's not really true. There's a lot of things you can do with an art degree actually.
Tom: Maybe Pam should pay the check by drawing a picture on this napkin.
Jim: Wow, that's- that's a little rude. What's your deal?
Pete: Hey, just having fun Jimmy.
Tom: Yeah. Right Pam?
Pam: Yup! [Tom and Pete give Halpertian looks to camera]
 
Michael: You know what? I think we're a great couple. I think we're a classic couple. I think we're like Romeo and Juliet. I think we... go together so well. We're like peanut butter and jelly, don't you think?
Holly: I do, I think so.
Michael: Then don't do it. Please don't do this. Please don't do this. [they continue arguing]
Darryl: [leaving someone a message on his cell phone, looking very uncomfortable] Hey what's up, I just thought I'd try you. I was thinking about that story where you ran into the girl you used to babysit. 
Michael: I don't know what I'm gonna do! 
Darryl: Please call me back.
Michael: Please?
Holly: You'll be okay
Michael: I'm not gonna be okay.
Darryl: Please...
Holly: You will.
Michael: No I won't! I'm not strong! And I'll go back to Jan, and I hate Jan! Oh God!
 
Andy: [outside men's room] You might be interested- [stops when he sees Stanley come out]
Stanley: What?
Andy: Dwight!
Dwight: Andy, I've been meaning to ask you, which a cappella group should I join? The Harmoniacs, or the Do-Re-Mi-Go's?
Andy: Hm. Assuming you had the voice to be in any of them, it's irrelevant. Because I called admissions and it looks like I, will be conducting your university interview.
Dwight: That's a conflict of interest.
Andy: Yeah. Big one. So, should I not let you in now, or do you want to do the interview, and then I won't let you in?
Dwight: [thinks] Interview.
Andy: Excellent. When the hourglass strikes three, then in the room whence employees confer.
Dwight: What?
Andy: The conference room!
Dwight: Okay.
 
Andy: Who are your role models?
 
Andy: If I had to put Dwight's chances into a percentage, I would say he has none percent chance.
 
Andy: So, Dane Cook, Jack Bauer, and Eli Whitney. You're doing great.
 
Jim: Oh wow. This is my niece Vanessa. She's a trumpeter. And, look at her.
Pam: Cute.
Jim: That must be really fun for you and Marci huh?
Tom: Yup. She only knows how to play "When the Saints go Marching In."
Jim: Love that one.
Pete: Yeah but, she doesn't think she's gonna be like, career musician right?
Jim: Here you go again! What is your deal today?
Pete: Just saying. How many famous trumpeters can you name besides... Louis Armstrong?
Pam: Miles Davis.
Jim: One.
Pam: Chet ...something.
Jim: Half.
Pete: The point is Pam, is there are jobs-
Pam: Dizzy Gillespie.
Jim: Also good.
Pete: And there are hobbies. I love baseball more than anything, but you don't see me try to get on the Mets.
Tom: You don't!
Jim: Pete couldn't make the Mets. She's at Pratt. You played JV baseball. Will you lighten up a little bit?
Pete: I'm just calling it like I see it.
Pam: I don't know if I'm gonna make any money with art.
Jim: Pam, don't worry about it.
Pam: I mean it's a very competitive field. But I have a professor who says I have a lot of promise, and if I don't try now, I never will. So...
Jim: Guys, what is going on?! [Pete and Tom burst out in laughter]
Tom: We pranked you!
Pete: It was Pam's idea. Pam was the mastermind.
Pam: ... Got you.
Pete: That was killer. I was so close to blowing it.
 
Andy: Let's see how well you know your Big Red history.
Dwight: Bring it.
Andy: Who was Cornell's eighth president?
Dwight: Dale Raymond Corson!
Andy: Mm, I'm sorry that's incorrect. Cornell's seventh president was in fact, James A. Perkins. [writes in a notebook] Comprehension skills, sub-par.
Dwight: Hmm, interviewing skills, sub-par. [writes in a notebook]
Andy: What are you writing? Can't even give Cornell your full attention?
Dwight: On the contrary, I'm helping Cornell. By evaluating their interviewers.
Andy: Nobody wants ...that, to happen.
Dwight: Well, when they get my evaluation we'll see if they're interested.
Andy: "Applicant is attempting to blackmail interviewer, showing low moral character."
Dwight: "Interviewer is threatening applicant with an arbitrary review process."
Andy: "Applicant is wasting everyone's time with stupid and inane accusations."
Dwight: "Interviewer has suspect motives."
Andy: "Applicant has a head shaped like a trapezoid." 
Dwight: "Interviewer has turned off applicant's interest in Cornell, and they are going to go to the vastly superior Dartmouth." Ever heard of it? I think I have everything I need.
Andy: I have everything I need- [talking over each other]
Dwight: And you will be hearing from the -
Andy: And you will be hearing from -
Dwight: -Cornell Application Department, 
Andy: which I will not be a part of-
Dwight: And you will not be pleased with the result. [pulls table away from Andy]
Andy: And YOU will not be pleased with the result!
Dwight: And your affiliation with Cornell -
Andy: And your affiliation with Cornell -
Dwight: Will end completely!
Andy: Will end completely!
Dwight: [has won the table war] That is all sir, you may go.
 
Darryl: [Michael and Holly cautiously pass each other] There's another dolly in the truck, Mike. You could take more than that lamp.
 
Pam: For the record, I wanted go another direction. Which was way better.
Jim: Well, I'll be the judge of that. What do you got?
Pam: Okay. I lost my engagement ring in ceramics class. Left it in my smock. I had this whole thing where I go back to class, wrongly accuse another girl. Look I even used makeup to put a ring around my finger, you can hardly see it, it's very subtle. 
Jim: That is good.
Pam: Thank you.
Jim: Truthfully anything would have been better than that prank. [laughs] Oh, text message from my brother. "Pam cool. Welcome to the family."
Pam: Oh. Hey how about at Thanksgiving we prank Tom about being bald?
 
Darryl: This is the last of it. 
Michael: Oh that's mine actually. Um, maybe put it back in the truck.
Darryl: You're not staying?
Michael: You know I have some things I need to do this weekend. I just remembered, so, I'll just ride back with you.
Darryl: But you want me to put it back in the truck.
Michael: I'll be down in just a second. [into house] Holly?
 
Michael: So um... I think I'm gonna go back with Darryl [Holly hugs Michael] Okay. [they kiss goodbye.] Goodbye.
Holly: Okay. Bye.
 
Darryl: I know it's hard Mike. Break-ups hurt.
Michael: We didn't break up.
Darryl: Looked like it. Sometimes when I'm down like this, it helps to sing the blues.
Michael: Okay.
Darryl: [bluesy] Da na na na na... da na na na na...
Michael: That's a really pretty song. 
Darryl: Da na na na na. No, no, check it out, look. Da na na na na... want to do that?
Michael: Okay.
Darryl: That's when you hit me with what's getting you down, okay?
Michael: Okay.
Darryl: Da na na na na.
Michael: Da na na na na.
Darryl: Da na na na na.
Michael: Da na na na na.
Darryl: No, wait. You're, you're supposed to... Never mind. Da na na na na.
Michael: Da na na na na.
Darryl: Da na na na na.
Michael: Da na na na na.
Darryl: Da na na na na!!
Michael: Da na na na na!! 
Darryl: Da na na na na .
Michael: [deeper] Da na na na na.
Darryl: Yeah! Da na na na na.
Michael: [deeper] Da na na na na.
Darryl: YEAH! Da na na na na.
Michael: [blues singer] Da na na na na...
 
Andy: [Whistling, enters office in farmer overalls] I thought I'd come in casual today. Man, I'm hungry. Anyone else feel like a beet?
Dwight: Where did you get those?
Andy: What, these? Bernard Farms. Best beets in the state.
Dwight: I see what you are doing. But I do not know where you are going with this.
Andy: Well you will. Soon as you visit, my new beet farm. [attempts to bite into a raw beet, beet is too hard] You're supposed to cook these, aren't you?
Dwight: [scoffs] Cornell. [easily bites into a beet]

Michael: Hey, sport.
Dwight: I heard someone got engaged, you dog, huh? [punches Michael's shoulder]
Michael: Ow! God!
Dwight: Oh, nothing can hurt you now. You're a man in love!
 
Darryl: I was there. That dude is not engaged. I'm not a big believer in therapy, but I'll go into my own pocket to cover his co-pay.
 
Andy: Big idea: double wedding. Me, Angela, you, Holly.
Michael: No, we would never do that. And if we did, it would be with Jim and Pam.
Jim: Yeah, we'd never do that.
Michael: Yeah, so there you go.
Kelly: [enters Michael's office] Michael, I got my bridesmaid dress.
Michael: Oh, wow, so quickly.
Kelly: Yeah, and you said I could get it in any color I wanted, so I picked white.
Kevin: Michael, did you tell your mom yet?
Michael: Nope. Nope. Not yet.
Jim: You wouldn't tell your mom?
Kevin: You love your mom.
Kelly: Call your mom, Michael. [everyone talking]
Michael: I'll call her later.
Group: [chanting and clapping] Call her! Call her!
Michael: I don't want to do that. [chanting continues] All right. [picks up phone and dials] She is going to freak out!
Andy: [punches button] Speakerphone!
Michael: That's -- thanks.
Mother: [on speakerphone] Hello?
Michael: Mom, I'm getting married.
Mother: No, you're not.
Michael: Why do you always do that? Whenever I'm getting married, you don't believe me.
Mother: Well, are you getting married?
Michael: No. [laughs]
Mother: Are you-- [Michael ends call]
Michael: I'm not, I'm not getting married. So... [laughs] Psych.
 
Kelly: So I returned my bridesmaid dress, and it was on sale, so I'm out $100.
Michael: And I'm out a fiancee. Are those the customer surveys?
Kelly: Yeah, uh, this is all of them: Jim, Dwight, Phyllis, Stanley, Andy and -- oh. Oh, it's the receipt to my bridesmaid dress. What's that doing there? [hands stack of papers to Michael]
Michael: I'll take care of that for you. [crumples receipt and throws it in trash] Thanks.
 
Michael: Kelly Kapoor is our dusky, exotic customer service rep. And once a year, she will contact our clients and find out how happy they are with our salespeople. Sort of a Kapoor's List. "Schindler's List" parody. ... That's not appropriate, no.
 
Jim: Those reports affect our bonuses, which is kind of great for me, because you wouldn't know it from looking at her, but Pam's a gold-digger.
Pam: [on Bluetooth speaker] Hey, New York ain't free. Get back to work.
Jim: Aww.
 
Pam: It's the world's tiniest Bluetooth. I found it in a Japanese gadget store in the village. I got one for Jim, too. Jim, say something.
Jim: [on Bluetooth] Testing, testing. Hello, everybody.
Pam: We wanted to stay on the phone all day, but the company has a policy against eight-hour personal calls. So we're not telling anyone.
Alex: Uh, Pam. What do you want on your coffee?
Jim and Pam: Sprinkle of cinnamon.
Pam: I should go.
 
Michael: Alrighty, Dwighty, let's see how you did.
Dwight: Bring it on. [starts to put foot up on Michael's desk]
Michael: No.
Dwight: Sorry.
Michael: Wow.
Dwight: What does it say?
Michael: Dwight, your feedback is horrible.
Dwight: That's impossible.
Michael: A number of your clients found your personal style abrasive and distasteful.
Dwight: I sell more paper than anyone. [stands and reaches for the file]
Michael: No, no, no, no, no.
Dwight: Wait, is this a joke? I'm getting that queasy feeling that sometimes accompanies jokes.
Michael: Do I look like I am joking?
Dwight: No, but that's sometimes part of it.
Michael: If I were joking, you would be laughing. Do you look like you are laughing?
Dwight: Impossible to say. I can't see myself.
Michael: You're not.
 
Andy: Yo, Tommy Tuna, did you get your scores yet?
Jim: Nope.
Andy: I got mine. They were really good.
Pam: [listening in New York] I miss him.
Jim: You must be really proud.
Andy: Yeah, pretty psyched. Whoa! That's my mug.
Jim: Oh, sorry. It was just -- it was right here.
Andy: Right, well, it's mine, so if you could pour it out and get another one.
Jim: OK. Or maybe I could finish the coffee that's in here and you could use [finds a mug] uh, oh -- Snoopy.
Pam: Don't give him Snoopy. That's mine.
Andy: [smiles] It is a great mug. But it's not my mug. That is my mug. So give it back.
Jim: How can you even be sure?
Andy: It has my face on it.
Jim: [holds mug next to Andy's head] Make the face. [Andy smiles] Yeah, I don't see it.
Andy: Dude, that is my face!
 
Pam: [Dwight slams something on desk] What was that?
Jim: Wow. That was Dwight. He seems upset about something.
Pam: Describe him exactly. What color mustard is his shirt? Yellow or Dijon?
Jim: It is... more of a spicy brown, actually.
Dwight: What are you mumbling about?
Jim: How was your meeting with Michael?
Dwight: None of your business.
Jim: Was it your scores?
Dwight: Those can't be my scores, Jim. For your information --
Jim: Mm-hmm.
Dwight: I'm being sabotaged.
Jim: Of course.
Dwight: And I'm going to find that person and punish them.
Jim: Absolutely. Or you could just be nice to your customers.
Dwight: You're an idiot.
Jim: There's the charm.
Michael: Jimbo, let's do this thang.
Jim: That is me. Wish me luck.
Dwight: No way.
Pam: [whispers on bluetooth] Good luck.
Jim: Thanks.
Dwight: I didn't say anything
Pam: I love you.
Jim: I love you, too.
Dwight: What do you think I am saying to you?!
Jim: I'm not talking to you.
 
Dwight: I've caught Jim talking to himself several times today. What a loser. Get a friend, loser.
 
Andy: [on phone] Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. It's really gorgeous. You guys do great work.
 
Andy: I found the best tentist on the east coast. He personally tented Giuliani's first and third weddings. And I got him. [shakes fist] I got him!
 
Andy: [on phone] Would you be able to do the same design, but with walls of gray? And a top that's gray too? Fabulous.
 
Michael: Oh, come on.
Jim: What?
Michael: You too?
Jim: Did my scores drop a little?
Michael: Jim, they are a poopy. [Jim coughs, presses button to end call on Bluetooth]
 
Pam: [touches ear] Jim? Jim?
 
Jim: Are we even sure that's my file?
Michael: No. [glances at it] Yes, I am sure, Jim. It --
Jim: Well, there's got to be an explanation.
Michael: I agree.
Jim: Yeah.
Michael: So let's see what we can find out from reading. [reads] Jim Halpert is smudge and arrogant.
Jim: I think you mean smug
Michael: [points at Jim] Arrogance.
Jim: Michael, I'm just trying to --
Michael: And there's our smudgeness.
 
Jim: I need a decent bonus, because I'm actually in the process of buying my parents' house so that they can retire. And if history tells us anything, it's that you can't go wrong buying a house you can't afford. Pam doesn't know about the house, so it's... a fun surprise. [taps Bluetooth earpiece] Pam, sorry about that. I lost you for a second. So, as it turns out, I may not have done so hot on my customer reviews this year.
Pam: Maybe it's because you spent the whole year flirting with the receptionist.
Jim: A little bit. ... Worth it.
 
Michael: Here's what's going to happen. I am going to have to fix you, manage you two on a more personal scale, a more micro form of management. Jim, what is that called?
Jim: Microgement.
Michael: Boom! Yes. Now, Jim is going to be the client. Dwight, you're going to have to sell to him without being aggressive, hostile or difficult. Let's go.
Dwight: All right, fine. [picks up phone] Brrring.
Jim: [picks up phone] Hello?
Dwight: Hello, this is Dwight Schrute from the Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.
Jim: Wow, that's great, because I need paper.
Dwight: Excellent, then you are in luck, because we are having a limited-time offer only on everything.
Jim: Wow, this is my lucky day.
Michael: [whispers] Ask him his name.
Dwight: What is your name, sir?
Jim: I am Bill Buttlicker.
Dwight: Really, that's your real name?
Jim: How dare you? My family built this country, by the way.
Michael: Be respectful, Dwight.
Dwight: Yes, Michael.
Jim: Would you hold on one second? That's my other line.
Dwight: What? No, but I --
Jim: Hello? [laughs] No, I'm just on the phone with this stupid salesman. He's so dumb. Probably just gonna keep him on the line forever and not buy anything. Yeah, OK. [punches button on phone]
Michael: It's up to you to change his mind.
Jim: Sorry. That was a family emergency.
Dwight: Oh, no. What's wrong?
Jim: You know what? That's private.
Michael: Boundaries, Dwight. Come on!
Dwight: Sorry, Mr. Buttlicker. As I was saying, we're having a limited--
Jim: Sorry, you're going to have to speak up a little bit louder. I'm hard of hearing.
Michael: He's hard of -- he's an old man. Let's go.
Dwight: OK, as I was saying, right now we are having --
Jim: You're gonna have to talk louder.
Dwight: OK, our prices have never been lower.
Jim: Son, you have to talk louder.
Dwight: ...never been lower!
Jim: Louder, son!
Dwight: [shouting] Buttlicker! Our prices have never been lower!
Michael: Stop it! Stop it!
Dwight: He --
Michael: That is totally inappropriate. You never yell at the client. You never yell at the client.
Jim: Now, you listen to me, sir.
Michael: Here we go.
Jim: The three words I would describe you as is aggressive, hostile and definitely difficult.
Michael: Give me the phone.
Dwight: Please, Mr. Buttlicker --
Jim: I'm irate right now.
Michael: Give me the phone.
Dwight: Please give me another chance. Mr. Buttlicker.
Michael: Give me the phone. Give me the phone.
Dwight: I have to put you on with my boss.
Jim: Well, I should hope so. [Michael takes phone] Who is this?
Michael: Hello, this is Michael Scott, regional manager.
Jim: Well, this is William M. Buttlicker.
Michael: Hello, Mr. Buttlicker. How may we help you?
Jim: Michael, I like the sound of your voice. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to buy one million dollars worth of paper products today.
Dwight: [shakes fist, whispers] Yeah!
Michael: [covers phone, whispers to Dwight] See how it's done? [into phone] Thank you very much, sir. I don't think you'll regret it. [to Dwight] See what I did?
Dwight: You are the master.
Jim: There is one condition, Michael.
Michael: Yes.
Jim: You have to fire the salesman that treated me so terribly.
Dwight: Don't do it, Michael.
Michael: ... [whispers] It's a million-dollar sale.
 
Andy: So it's called the Shangri-La Tent. It's two stories, heated and has a bridal suite for my bridal sweet. It's just really simple, really tasteful.
Angela: I don't want to be married in a tent like a hobo
Andy: Hobos live in trains.
Angela: Nana Mimi can't be in canvas that long.
Andy: Well, Nana Mim -- Ahh. OK, look. This tent is awesome. And it's in high demand, so I really think we should put a deposit down now.
Angela: OK fine you can have your tent, but only if it's in a field, a hand-plowed field
Andy: Done and done-er.
Angela: There has to be a barn that's old enough that you can see the stars through the roof slats when you lay on your back. And antique tools to look at when you roll over.
Andy: Do you have a specific place in mind?
Angela: No. But anything within a five- to eight-mile radius is acceptable.
Andy: On it!
 
Jim: Dwight. Dwight. [Dwight's car comes screeching into view]
Dwight: Get in!
Jim: Are you serious?
Dwight: Get in! [he peels off into parking space]
Jim: OK, what are you --
Dwight: Shh. [turns radio up loud, playing "Centerfold."] They might be listening to us.
Jim: What's that?
Dwight: They might be listening to us
Jim: Who's they?
Dwight : Customer service might be monitoring this conversation.
Jim: In this car?
Dwight: You never know. Better safe than sorry.
Jim: [turns radio down] What are you thinking?
Dwight: Who stands to benefit from our downfall?
Jim: The mob, maybe NASA.
Dwight: Could be the mob. But then Dunder-Mifflin would need to be a front for money laundering, and there's little evidence of that.
Jim: Is there some evidence?
Pam: [on Bluetooth] Ooh, cute shoes online.
Jim: How many shoes do you need?
Dwight: I don't know. Two, maybe three if one wears out. How many shoes do you need?
 
Jim: I'm not talking to you.
Dwight: Who are you talking to?
Jim: Pam.
Dwight: She's not here, Jim.
Jim: No, she's not.
 
Pam: [in New York, humming to herself to the tune of "Centerfold"] Na na na na na. Na na na na na na na.
 
Andy: [at computer, spins chair around and makes triumphant gesture] Yes!
 
Andy: I found it. I found the perfect place. A local bed-and-breakfast on a 60-acre beet farm. And even better, I have an in with the owner. Oh, yeah. We work together. It's Dwight Schrute. As in Schrute Farms.
 
Customer: [on phone] So I'd like to redouble my order, if you could put me down for, um --
Dwight: Wait, shut up.
Customer: I'm sorry?
Dwight: Shh. Do you hear that?
Customer: Hear what?
Dwight: Breathing. Is that you?
Customer: Well, I am breathing, yes.
Dwight: Well, stop. Hold your breath. I still hear it. Who's there? Kelly, is that you? Hold on. [puts down phone and runs away]
Customer: I need paper.
 
Dwight: [jumps into Kelly's area] Ha! [Kelly screams in surprise]
Kelly: Oh, my God. You scared me.
Dwight: Hear anything interesting?
Kelly: What are you talking about?
Dwight: [laughs] I think you know.
Kelly: You always say that, and I almost never know.
Dwight: What are you up to, girl? Huh? Phyllis put you up to this? Stanley? Are they paying you?
Kelly: Are you accusing me of something?
Dwight: Of course I am. I know you're the mastermind, but you're too stupid to do it by yourself.
Jim: [behind Dwight]: OK.
Dwight: [surprised] Ah!
Jim: Easy.
Dwight: OK.
Jim: Let's just -- Let's head back to the desk.
Kelly: You just can't come into my nook and call me stupid. And maybe if you were a little bit more nice and polite, then people wouldn't give you such bad customer reviews.
Dwight: The reason that I got bad customer reviews is because I didn't! There is a massive conspiracy going on here, and I know you're involved.
Kelly: Dwight, get out of my nook!
Pam: [in New York] That's what she said! That's what she said! That's what she said!
Jim: Good one.
 
Jim: [enters breakroom] Hey. Sorry about Dwight, by the way.
Kelly: Yeah, he's weird.
Jim: Well, we all handle it differently. I personally choose to handle it like a normal person, but...
Kelly: OK.
Jim: Hey, how are you and Darryl?
Kelly: Um, we're cool. [gets up to leave] Bye.
Jim: Bye.
Pam: [on Bluetooth] That was weird.
Jim: What was?
Pam: Have you ever had a conversation with Kelly where she didn't go on for 15 minutes without taking a breath?
Jim: No, actually.
Pam: Did you do something to her?
Jim: I don't think so.
Pam: Well, something's off.
 
Jim: Hey, how's things?
Ryan: All right.
Jim: Yeah?
Ryan: Living in the moment.
Jim: Do you have any reason to believe that Kelly would be mad at me?
Ryan: I don't play the politics game anymore, Jim. Can I tell you something? I played it full on in New York. I played it high stakes. For keeps. Made it to the top. But look what it cost. [takes sip of coffee] Can I tell you what else I learned?
Jim: Wait, that's pretty weird.
Ryan: What?
Jim: Well, Andy has a mug just like that.
Ryan: Oh, yeah, Kelly gave them out as party favors. Remember? You got one.
Jim: No. What party?
Ryan: Her America's Got Talent finale party over the summer. [Jim makes face] That's crazy. It was packed. I thought everyone was there. You were there. I remember you being there.
Jim: I wasn't. But thank you. [to Pam] Do you know anything about this party?
Pam: Yes, I said you definitely should go, but you wanted to visit me instead.
Jim: Well, I can't be the only one who didn't -- [sees mugs on Angela's and Meredith's desks]
 
Jim: [walks quickly to break room, opens cabinet and finds mugs of Oscar, Creed and Phyllis]
 
Jim: Dwight, let me see your coffee cup.
Dwight: No. [holds Sheriff's Department mug protectively]
Jim: Is that it?
Dwight: No. Why? No. [puts it in desk drawer and slams it shut]
Jim: OK, I'm gonna assume that was it. Here's the thing: I think you're right. I think it was Kelly. I think she's mad at us for not coming to her party.
Dwight: Oh, man, I knew it. Who are her co-conspirators?
Jim: Probably just Kelly.
Dwight: Obviously. I knew it.
Jim: That's what I'm saying.
Dwight: Yeah. What?
Jim: You were right.
Dwight: I was -- I was right.
Jim: You were right.
Dwight: I was right.
Jim: You knew it.
Dwight: I knew it.
Jim: You knew it the whole time, buddy.
Dwight: I knew it the whole time, buddy! [shoves Jim]
Jim: Wow.
Dwight: Yeah! Woo-hoo!
 
Pam: [in New York] Right Dwight is loud.
 
Dwight: I knew it! Yeah! Ha-ha! Woo! [kicks near Phyllis' head; she ducks] Boom! Kelly the whole time. Let's get her.
Jim: No, no, no, no. Dwight, Dwight, Dwight. Let's talk about this.
 
Kelly: What's going on?
Michael: Why don't you tell us?
Kelly: Nothing's going on.
Dwight: Let me paint you a picture of a little girl from southern India, who despite being welcomed into this country will now spend the rest of her life in prison for a crime she did commit.
Michael: Dwight. [to Kelly] I was informed by these gentlemen that the reports that you filed may not entirely be accurate.
Kelly: What? I -- I don't know what you're talking about. This is the first I'm hearing about this.
Dwight: Oh, come on. You juked the stats, cupcake.
Jim: We called about a dozen customers, and they all said that they gave us great marks.
Michael: What's going on?
Kelly: I love your tie, Michael.
Michael: [looks momentarily flattered, but thinks better of it] Kelly.
Kelly: I was raped.
Michael: You cannot say "I was raped" and expect all of your problems to go away, Kelly. Not again. Don't keep doing that. I'll give you one last chance to come clean. Just tell me what happened.
Kelly: OK, all right. OK, I did it. All right? I lied, whatever. Just fire me. But you know what? I did it because you guys didn't come to my party, and you said you would try to and then you didn't even show up, and so you're bad friends.
Dwight: We have our confession. I'm calling security. [reaches for phone]
Michael: Don't. Don't. Get away from that, Dwight, please. You know what? She's got a point about you two. You do have a problem dealing with people.
Kelly: See? I wasn't lying.
Michael: You were lying.
Kelly: I was lying.
Michael: Yes. Jim, Dwight, please excuse us.
Dwight: I want to be here when you fire her ass.
Michael: I will call you when it is time. [Jim and Dwight leave]
Michael: I have an enormous amount of trouble trying to get people to come to my place. And I hate it. I can't tell you how much leftover guacamole I have ended up eating over the years. I don't even know why I make it in such great quantities. Here's what we're gonna do. We are going to sit here for a while, make it look good. And maybe you should cry. Can you make yourself cry?
Kelly: No problem.
Michael: I think you should do that. [Kelly starts fake-crying, then laughing, then she and Michael both laugh]
 
Alex: Pam Beesley?
Pam: Hey, what are you doing here?
Jim: Who's that?
Pam: It's Alex.
Alex: It's Pam. Uh, I came to kidnap you. There's free wine and cheese at the Chuck Close retrospective. Let's go.
Jim: Oh, that's gonna be great. Who's Chuck Close?
Pam: Oh, I love Chuck Close and his photo-realist paintings. But I have to work.
Alex: Uh, well, actually there's something else I'd love to talk to you about. Can we go somewhere else to talk about it?
Pam: OK.
Jim: That's it. I want to talk to this guy. Put me in his ear.
Alex: [in private office] Um.
Pam: What's up?
Alex: I'm gonna take a big leap and I want to tell you that I think you should not move back to Scranton.
Pam: Wow.
Jim: I'm gonna make a bigger leap here. He is into you.
Alex: Why did you come to New York in the first place?
Pam: Because they have a great design program, and I wanted to see if I was any good at it. And I wanted to work on my art, too.
Alex: Right. And that's why I think that you should stay here. Because I mean, you -- really you just got here, you know? You can't do New York in three months. You know, it has everything. It has -- all the opportunity is here. All the -- the whole art scene is in New York. You know, it would be nuts to go back to Scranton without getting to fully experience it.
Pam: Jim's in Scranton.
Alex: I know. But all I'm saying is, if there's even a teeny, tiny part of you that really wants to be an artist, then I think you should stay here, because you don't want to wake up in 50 years and look back and wonder what could have been. And that is the end of my speech. I planned it all. Anyway ... I will see you tomorrow.
Pam: I'll see you tomorrow.
Alex: OK. [Pam and Jim look worried]
 
Dwight: Is that the Matsuhashi B-400? The world's tiniest Bluetooth? [reaches toward Jim's ear] May I?
Jim: Don't.
 
Dwight: Congratulations on choosing Schrute Farms for your wedding.
Andy: We haven't decided on anything yet. We're still reviewing some options, and it's gonna come down to the numbers.
Dwight: Well, then. Why don't you look over some of our materials? [opens album]
Andy: Oh. Hmm.
Dwight: [looking at Angela] While I describe to you the Excalibur package. In addition to the breathtaking natural beauty and smell of Schrute Farms, I can promise you that our grounds can be catered to fit your exact specifications. [Angela smiles] I will work tirelessly for you over the coming months and be at your constant disposal. [Andy moves his head into Dwight's view] Please feel free to call or stop by, any time of the day or night.
Andy: That's very generous.
Dwight: While you, my good friend, have nothing more to worry about. This wedding is officially out of your hands.
Andy: Oh, thank the good Lord. Deal! [shakes Dwight's hand]
Dwight: OK.
Andy: Um, what are we talking price wise?
Dwight: You already said deal.
Angela: Pay him whatever he wants.
Andy: Can't argue with that. Dwight ... [takes Angela's hand] You are going to make us so happy. [Dwight and Angela grin at each other]

Michael: Did you know that in Morocco it is common to exchange a small gift when meeting somebody for the first time? In Japan you must always commit suicide to avoid embarrassment. In Italy you must always wash your hands after going to the bathroom. This is considered to be polite.
Jim: Why are you telling us this?
Michael: I am jetting off on an international business trip.
Jim: Where are you going?
Michael: To Can-A-da.
Jim: Where is it?
Michael: Canada.
Jim: Okay.
 
Michael: My boss is sending me abroad to do a presentation to an international client and I have always been intrigued by all things international. The women, the pancakes, the man of mystery...
 
Michael: Meredith, I would like you to pretend that you are from Abu Dhabi.
Meredith: [British accent] Hello.
Michael: I am ashamed at your naked face. I must cover it with my jacket. [covers Meredith's face with his jacket] You are now sexy in your culture.
 
Kevin: T minus...
Jim: Six point five days. [winces as Kevin smacks him on the back]
Creed: [walks up behind Jim and puts his hands on his shoulders] One more week.
 
Jim: Pam comes back from New York next week and everyone here has just been so excited for me. And involved. And intrusive. And weird.
 
Phyllis: On more week. [chuckles]
Stanley: Heh heh. [Jim gives camera an odd look]
 
David Wallace: [on speakerphone] Do you have your passport?
Michael: I have my passport. [pats jacket pocket]
David Wallace: Got your per diem?
Michael: I have my per diem. [holds up money] I already know what I am going to spend this on. I am going to buy a sweater.
David Wallace: Michael, the... that's for your food.
Michael: Well I'll just... I'll use different money for that. 
 
David Wallace: I was happy to send Michael on this trip. He's been feeling pretty down since we had to transfer Holly up to New Hampshire. But this little perk really seemed to turn him around. [chuckling] And it's pretty tough to find somebody who wants to go up to Winnipeg mid-November.
 
Michael: And business class air, like a five-star hotel in the sky, nothing but the best. Actually better than a five-star hotel 'cause you get a big, cushy seat and you sit in a row of people and to eat, whatever the mind can imagine. I think I am going to have a filet with mushroom sauce.
David Wallace: Well, I'm just glad to know you're happy because you know I felt bad.
Michael: Well that is all in the past.
David Wallace: And in terms of nightlife, when you get there just ask the concierge.
Michael: They have one of those?
 
Michael: [in a singsong voice] Lets do this!
Dwight: Wait, why do you need three suitcases?
Michael: Two are for souvenirs.
Dwight: Do you have your money belt?
Michael: I do. It's right here. [indicates to waist]
Dwight: No, no, no, no, no. You want to wear that puppy right up on the breastbone like a bra. [demonstrates]
Michael: No, I don't want to wear a bra.
Dwight: Here, let me help you. [reaches for Michael's money belt]
Michael: Stop it! Stop it!
Dwight: Do you want to get robbed in a foreign country? I wash my hands of this.
Michael: Okay. Where is my translator?
Andy: Monsieur.
Michael: There he is.
Andy: I'm just bidding a bon voyage a La Mon Petit fiancee. Translation: Goodbye my petite fiancee. [chuckles]
Angela: Be good.
Andy: I will try.
Angela: Meaning what?
Andy: Meaning I will try to get other dudes laid.
Michael: Yeah baby! That's what I'm talking about. That could be you [points at Jim] if you hadn't forgotten French. Where is my numbers man?
Oscar: Here.
Michael: There we go. Our town car awaits.
Meredith: It's just a van.
Michael: Its not just a van.
Meredith: Look, I know my way around a van. That is just a van.
Michael: Dwight, can you get those please?
Dwight: [sighs and picks up Michael's empty suitcases]
 
Michael: [on airplane] Welcome to Cribs-the business class edition. Check this out. Mimosa.
Andy: Ah... sweet!
Michael: Handed to me as I sat down. This was my hot towel. It is still wet.
Andy: Michael Gary Scott rolling like a pimp!
Michael: Take a sip of that. [hands Andy his mimosa]
Andy: Mmmhmmm...
Michael: That good?
Andy: Mmmm... 
Michael: Don't drink all of it. Give some to Oscar.
Andy: That's really good. [offers mimosa to Oscar]
Oscar: I'm good.
Michael: You want one of your own? I can hook you up.
Stewardess: I'm sorry. You'll need to keep moving.
Michael: Yes, this is Beth. This is my personal valet/flight attendant and she will be helping me this morning.
Beth: We need to keep the isle clear.
Michael: Yes... 
Andy: Oh... 
Michael: Get back, get back. Come on, get back to the slums.
Andy: Oh boy. [follows Oscar back to coach]
Michael: [whisper] Hey... guys, check it out. My own personal DVD player and 20 movies.
Oscar: [whispers] Andy brought one too.
Andy: [loudly] Harry and the Henderson's
Michael: Shhhh! Keep it down.
Oscar: I made egg salad sandwiches. Do you want one? [holds up sandwich]
Michael: Could you have picked something stinkier to bring on a plane? [Andy laughs] My God, Oscar. Really? Do you have a bag of baby poop in there too, to share with everybody? No, I will be ordering my own food, thank you very much.
Michael: [to stewardess] Hi.
Beth: Hi.
Michael: Um. I'd like to see a menu please.
Beth: Oh, I'm sorry. There are no meals on flights less than two hours.
Michael: Oh... okay. [looks back at Andy and Oscar] Doesn't matter, because I am going to take a nap. I think I am going to use my complimentary blindfold. I will don it... and oh! Look at that. I can't see because I am in a-- [cart crashes into Michael's leg] GAH!
Beth: What would you like to drink?
 
Ryan: [walks into Kelly's cubicle and sets a box down on the desk] Just checking out where I'm going to be pretty soon. When Pam gets back. Gonna be close quarters. Gonna be a lot of tension.
Kelly: For you. I'm with Darryl.
Ryan: This looks like where I'll probably do my pushups every day. [gets on floor and starts doing pushups]
Kelly: Is that supposed to impress me? [Ryan starts trying to do one-armed pushups]
 
Kelly: [talking head] No. Not going to happen. He has hurt me too much and too often. And I am in a healthy relationship so I'm not gonna flaunt it and I'm not gonna hurt him, but that door is closed.
 
Kelly: [making out with Ryan on her desk] What are we doing? This is so wrong.
Ryan: Yeah... Mmmmm...
 
Michael: [going up escalator in the hotel] This is nice. This is nice. Move in here. Very sweet... ah.
Oscar: I'll check us in.
Michael: Alright.
Andy: Very cool.
Michael: Very cool.
Andy: We are going to find out where the action is, my friend.
Michael: Okay.
Andy: Where's the concierge?
Michael: Yes! Wallace said there would be one of those.
Andy: Mmm... bingo! [indicates towards concierge desk] Follow moi, bro-sieur.
Michael: Wow!
Andy: [to concierge] What about a nice sushi place? Maybe a place with a view?
Concierge: Tsk... Oh. Matsuki. That's a good one. Uh, you may walk there if you wish or you man take the number seventeen bus until 9:00. Other than that you can take the taxi and the number is right there.
Michael: Wow! Wow, I am blown away by this. I, um... I--ah! This is great, thank you!
Andy: One final question. Where might you find yourself on a Winnipeg night like tonight?
Concierge: Oh, the Huntsman is good.
Andy: [nodding towards Michael] The Huntsman.
Concierge: Down here... the financial district.
 
Michael: A concierge is like the Winnipeg equivalent of a geisha. This is a woman who has been trained in the fine art of fanciness and pleasure. And when you meet one, it is intoxicating. Just what the doctor ordered.
 
Pam: [at school in NYC] Can't believe this. [pulls out cell phone... sighs]
Jim: [in office] Are you sure?
Pam: [over the phone] I just talked to my advisor. Failing.
Jim: Wow. I thought you were good at Flash.
Pam: I was, and then they switched to Acrobat just as I was learning Quark. I hate computers.
Jim: Okay, okay, it's no big deal. So you're not a computer geek.
Pam: I have to stay and retake it.
Jim: [looks shocked] W---Wow. Um. Well... okay.
Pam: That means another twelve weeks. [pause] Can you do this for another three months?
Jim: It's not--- It's not about me. I mean, this your dream.
Pam: [over phone] I know.
Jim: And you went to New York to do this. So when you come back you come back the right way. Right?
Pam: [starting to cry] Right.
Jim: [concerned look on face] You okay?
Pam: [over phone] Yeah I'm fine. Um... my cell phone battery's low, so I have to let you go.
Jim: Okay.
Pam: Alright.
Jim: Alright.
Pam: [over phone] Love you. Bye.
Jim: Love you too. [hangs up phone, Pam sits on a bench crying]
 
Michael: Guys, she's in there.
Andy: Engaging wings [imitates mechanical sound]
Oscar: I'm probably going to leave after one drink.
Michael: Let's do this.
Andy: Yeah with a hot slab of Canadian bacon in your hand.
Michael: [goes up to concierge from the hotel] Excuse me, hello. Concierge Marie. Michael Scott. Good to see you again.
Marie: Good to see you.
Michael: Um, this is my associate uh, from Dunder Mifflin, uh, Oscar Martinez.
Oscar: Nice to meet you. [shakes Marie's hand]
Marie: Oscar.
Michael: Works in accounting. This is uh, concierge Marie...
Oscar: Yes.
Michael: ...who works at our hotel. You look, how do you say, radiant tonight.
Marie: Thank you.
Michael: And it is, how do you say, a beautiful night---
Oscar: Michael, why?
Michael: She's foreign. I am--
Andy: For Madame et monsieur. [hands Michael and Marie a glass of wine]
Michael: Oh, thank you.
Andy: You're welcome.
Michael: Thank you, Andy.
Marie: Thank you?
Andy: Let me get a picture of you guys.
 
Michael: Everyone is going to end up dying someday. And I think it's better to die with people you like... like Oscar, and Andy, and concierge Marie... than to know that there's somebody out there that you love that you're not with.
 
Andy: Alright, I've scoped out the joint. Those two dudes are as good as naked. 
Oscar: How do you even know they're gay?
Andy: Come on! It's Dandy Dale and Foppy McGee over there. [turns to bartender] Mademoiselle! Beer me dos Long Island iced teas s'ill vous plait. [to Oscar] Bad decision in a glass.
 
Andy: I don't care if you're gay, straight, engaged... whatever. A guy needs intercourse.
 
Andy: You'll thank me when they spank thee.
Oscar: Don't do this. [watches Andy take drinks to the other table]
Andy: Do you guys like apples?
Guy at table: What?
Andy: Do you like apples?
Guy at table: Uh, sorry... what?
Andy: Well, how do you like these apples? [sets drinks on table] Alright, on a scale of 1 - 10, how hot is that dude? [indicates towards Oscar who waves slightly]
Guy at table: Is he your boyfriend or something?
Andy: No, but he could be yours if you play your cards right.
Guy: Dude, leave us alone alright?
Andy: Gentleman. [walks away]
Oscar: What are you doing?
Andy: Dude, you struck out. They're totally stuck up. Here... drink up.
 
Michael: How about this one? It's Christmas eve---
Concierge Marie: Mmm-hmmm...
Michael: ---and everything's closed and you need to get some dry cleaning done. 12:00 midnight. Where do you go? What do you do? What do you do? Come on! What do you do?
Marie: Uh...A stro cleaners on St. Johns place is the only place open on that day.
Michael: Unbelievable! Unbelievable.
 
Oscar: If you don't mind me asking---
Andy: Anything. You can ask me anything.
Oscar: Okay.
Andy: I'm your wingman.
Oscar: Its just that I've sat next to Angela for a very long, very long time.
Andy: Right-o.
Oscar: How could anyone stand that woman?
Andy: What?
Oscar: What do you see in her? Wh -- what do you see in Angela?
Andy: What do I see in Angela?
Oscar: I want to know.
Andy: I see through a hard exterior to a little jelly in the middle. She is teaching me to be a better person. And she's working really hard on that. And she has the softest skin I've ever seen and I can't wait to have sex with her.
Oscar: You haven't had sex?
Andy: No.
Oscar: Y--Are you guys waiting to get married, or?
Andy: Honestly, I don't know what we're waiting for.
Oscar: Andy, something is wrong with that woman.
Andy: What is wrong with her?
Oscar: I'd like to know. You should call her and ask her. I'd like to know what's wrong with her.
Andy: I should call her and ask her. What is wrong with her?
Oscar: Do it! It's a--- Call her! [Andy holds up phone] Oh my God, don't call her! Don't call her, Andy. [giggling] Andy, don't call her! 
Andy: Too late, too late. It's dialing... now it's ringing. [Oscar laughs] Shh...
Angela: [on phone] Hello? Hello?
Andy: What is wrong with you?
Oscar: Why won't you do Andy?
Angela: What?
Andy: That was Oscar and he wants to know why you won't do me and I think it's a valid question.
Angela: Are you drunk?
Andy: This is Andy Bernard!
Angela: I know who this is!
Andy: I wanna take you to sex school.
Angela: What?
Dwight: [over phone] Who is that monkey?
Andy: Is somebody there?
Angela: Are you drunk?
Andy: I have needs.
Angela: We will discuss this later.
Andy: Naked.
Angela: What?
Andy: We'll discuss it later naked. I want to see you naked.
 
Michael: [standing outside hotel room... whispering] Do you want to get some breakfast or something?
Concierge Marie: I am so tired.
Michael: Okay.
 
Jim: [noticing that everyone is giving him a sympathetic look] How does everyone know already?
Dwight: Know what?
Meredith: Pam failed art school.
Dwight: Oh, well, doesn't surprise me.
Jim: Excuse me?
Dwight: Have you seen her painting, Jim? The building? There are shadows coming from two different directions.
Phyllis: Dwight, stop it.
Stanley: Dwight.
Dwight: What? Are there two suns?
Meredith: Come on.
Stanley: Oh my God.
Dwight: Last I checked, that's not an office building in the Andromeda galaxy.
Jim: I'm gonna grab a cup of coffee.
Dwight: It's totally unrealistic. There are no lines in the parking lot.
 
Andy: Oscar
Oscar: Hey.
Andy: That was fun last night.
Oscar: Yeah, it was.
Andy: You know, it's true what they say--- Long Island iced teas are way stronger in Canada.
Oscar: Hey, um... thanks for trying to hook me up.
Andy: You kidding me? It's what I do. Get the whole nine 'nards. [Oscar laughs]
Oscar: I can't believe we called her up. [both laugh]
Andy: Totally. [continues laughing] What--- Who?
Oscar: I'm talking about Angela. I can't believe we called her up last night.
Andy: We called Angela?
Oscar: You--- you call--- you called her.
Andy: That was real?! I thought I dreamed that. Oh, God!
Oscar: Alright.
Andy: Oh, God!
Oscar: Okay.
Andy: So bad!
Oscar: Good morning, Michael. [Michael approaches table] Are you ready for the meeting?
Michael: Slept like a baby.
 
Kelly: Mmmm.... mmm. This can't happen again.
Ryan: This has to happen again. Darryl can't happen again. Look at me. Do you want me to do more push-ups?
Kelly: Yeah.
Ryan: Okay. You have to break up with Darryl. I already typed out a text message for you. All you have to do is press "send".
Kelly: I don't know. I mean, it's well-written and all, I just---
Ryan: Has to be done. We'll press send together. [phone beeps]
Kelly: Oh my God. He's going to kill us.
Ryan: I'd like to see him try. [kisses Kelly... cell phone beeps]
Kelly: Oh! He says it's cool. [laughs] He said, "It's cool".
Ryan: That's all he wrote?
Kelly: That's all he wrote.
Ryan: Can I see it?
Kelly: Mmm hmm.
Ryan: Didn't you two date for like a long time?
Kelly: Mmm hmm. It's like a fairy tale! [grabs Ryan and kisses him] Mmmm...
 
Client: I'll be honest with you--- we've been talking with Catalyst Paper. Their prices are better than yours.
Michael: Look, people continue to come back to us time and time again because they feel cared for here. They feel respected and they feel that their needs matter. They are treated like human beings. [sighs]
Client: Everything okay?
Michael: Yes.
 
Andy: Oh man, she is so pissed. [sitting down by Oscar]
Oscar: Mmm...
Andy: She's taking us back to first base.
Oscar: What is first base with Angela?
Andy: I get to kiss her forehead. [looks at Oscar] I had a good time hanging out this weekend.
Oscar: I had a good time too.
Andy: Wingman for life. W.M.F.L
Oscar: Thank you.
Andy: You up for a chest bump?
Oscar: No.
Andy: Bro hug? [Oscar shakes head... then sticks his hand out and Andy shakes it] Back to basics. I like it.
 
Andy: I had to go all the way to Canada to get to know a guy who sits 20 feet away from me. And he's delightful! [laughs]
 
David Wallace: [on phone] Hey! I just heard you guys made the sale.
Michael: Yeah, we locked him up for two years.
David Wallace: Good, very good. See, told you. Sounds like somebody had a good trip.
Michael: No. Actually the trip sucked.
David Wallace: Excuse me?
Michael: The trip sucked, David. It blew chunks. It was terrible. It was a bad trip.
David Wallace: What are you talking about?
Michael: I did not like the trip. Well, starting with her airport shuttle which was basically just a van.
David Wallace: Okay.
Michael: And business class which was basically just coach. And the hotel which sucked big time.
David Wallace: The hotel? What, M--- okay.
Michael: It was not, it sucked.
David Wallace: I'm sorry to hear the hotel was bad.
Michael: Oh and thanks for the tip on the concerige. That was great. That was great. That was--- that was a---
Dacvid Walalce: Okay, okay. Hey, hey, hey.
Michael: That was a really good choice.
David Wallcve: Michael, please lets listen for a second.
Michael: No, David. You listen to me. Why did you send her away? That--- God. You knew I liked her and you just sent her away. And that--- that was a sucky thing to do man.
Dacvid Wallace: Michael, sometimes---
Michael: That was a really sucky thing to do.
David Wallace: Sometimes, we-- [Michael hangs up phone]
 
Michael: Why have I stayed at Dunder Mifflin for so long? Certainly not because of the paycheck. 'Cause I could be making more money as a doctor or a professional athlete. I think it's because they respect me. A boss that will not fire you, even though you just tell him off... right to his face... over the hone. That's respect.
 
Kevin: You did it, man. [fist bumps Jim] Day one. Congrats.
Jim: Thanks man.
 
Pam: I'm coming back the wrong way. [smiles at Jim across the parking lot] It's not because of you. I don't like graphic design. That's it. [laughs] Stop smiling. I really didn't like it. It's just designing logos and stuff.... and I miss Scranton. But it is not because I missed you. I just really wanted to come home... and I know you said to come home the right way, but you can't tell me what to do. Got it?
Jim: I missed you.
Pam: I missed you too. [Jim kisses her]
Dwight: You're back.
Pam: Uh, yeah.
Dwight: Good. I need you to make five copies of these. [hands Pam papers]
Pam: I'm not going inside.
Dwight: Alright. First thing in the morning then.
Jim: Welcome back.
 
Kelly: We're back together again baby.
Ryan: We're back.
Kelly: They tried to keep us apart, but they couldnt. It was like destiny.
Ryan: I--- I realized that for whatever reason I... just couldn't do better than kelly. 
Kelly: Oh!
Ryan: [whispers] Yeah.

Angela: Are you swallowing them whole? You're eating them so fast, are they even touching your tongue?
Kevin: [with mouth full] Yes.
Dwight: Brownies is it? Hm. Pastry cubes made of sugar and fat? No thank you, I'll stick with my jerkie.
Jim: So why did you come in here?
Dwight: To socialize. And inform.
Michael: Oh brownies! I'm taking two so I can parcel them up and eat them at my leisure later on, much healthier.
Ryan: You're taking two?
Kelly: Yeah, um, but one of them is for Toby. 
Michael: Yeah why don't you send that to him in Costa Rica?
Kelly: Um, I'm just gonna hand it to him right now.
Michael: Heh, okay, weirdo.
Jim: Why is that, why is that weird?
Michael: She said she was going to give it to him right now. [starts laughing]
Jim: [laughing] She's probably going to, cause they sit next to each other.
Michael: Yeah, they used to.
Jim: Toby works here again.
Michael: Oh, can you imagine?
Jim: Oh no.
Michael: Uhhgh.
Jim: You don't know.
Michael: I don't know. What?
Jim: You should probably just meander back there; take a look. See if he's, see if he's back.
Michael: Hmmm, dare I? [laughs] You know what? I'm going to, for old time's sake. [walks to the annex, standing in Toby's cubicle] Great practical joke Jim, you got me to go to the annex. [turns around and sees Toby]
Toby: Hi, Micha-
Michael: NOOOO! GOD! No, God, please no! No! No! NOOO!
 
Michael: [watching Toby at Phyllis' desk through his office blinds] Look at him. With his stupid face. Stupid... tan. No.
Dwight: He looks great.
Michael: No.
Dwight: Well rested.
Michael: He looks worse.
 
David: Michael, is everyone okay?
Michael: Uh, well I'm afraid not. Toby Flenderson, of H.R., has made a sudden reappearance. 
David: I don't understand, is anyone hurt?
Michael: Not on the surface, no, but I can tell people are disturbed, David.
David: Michael, you texted me, 911 CALL ME.
Michael: Yes.
David: All in caps. Do you know what 911 means?
 
Michael: I learned a while back that if I don't text 911 people will not return my calls. Um, but now people always return my calls because they think that something horrible has happened.
 
David: Now what I'm curious about is how you were able to go an entire a week without knowing a member of your staff was there.
Michael: I did not want to go back to the annex because that is where Holly worked whom I loved.
Dwight: Also, it's icky back there.
Michael: That's true. People say it's icky.
David: Okay, I have to go.
Michael: David, wait.
David: No.
Michael: Is there no way we can get rid of him?
David: Not without cause, Michael.
Michael: I have cause. It is be-cause I hate him.
David: You have to get along with Toby.
Michael: No.
David: Yep.
Michael: I don't.
David: Goodbye, Michael. [hangs up]
Michael: [Dwight comes over, starts to massage Michael's shoulders] Don't do that.
 
Pam: [pours something from the fridge into a bowl and opens the microwave, it is covered in exploded food] Oh, come on! [to the documentary crew] Do you see this? Disgusting.
 
Andy: So, Tunes, you still gonna buy your old man's place?
Jim: Yeah, I am. Wait, how do you know that? I didn't tell you that.
Andy: Ehhh no, I was just walking by your desk. I saw some email. I got peepers of an eagle.
Jim: That's really not cool.
Andy: Kaaw!
Kevin: So Jim, you're gonna live in the same house that you used to pee the bed in?
Jim: Yeah, I guess technically Kev, you're right.
 
Jim: Today's a big day. Today's the day that I show Pam the house that I bought for us. Without telling her. But it's my parent's house, the house I grew up in and yeah, I bought it kind of impulsively. I mean, the price was good and I was helping out my mom. It's got shag carpets. I mean you can't blame my parents it was the 70's. And why would you want to buy ugly wood from trees when you can have paneling? And a painting of some creepy clowns that is apparently crucial to the structural integrity of the building. [tugs and pulls in vain at the clown painting] She's gonna love it. Right?
 
Jim: Could you guys all do me a favor and not talk about this until I tell Pam?
Andy: Whoa, you haven't told the misses about the castle? You're in for a spanking my friend. Myself and my lady? - no secrets.
Phyllis: Jim, don't listen to Andy. I think it's so romantic.
Jim: Oh thanks, Phyllis.
Phyllis: Where's your place?
Jim: Oh, it's on uh Linden Ave? By the quarry?
Phyllis: Ohhh...
Creed: Cool beans, man, I live by the quarry. We should hang out by the quarry and throw things down there.
Jim: Definitely we should.
 
Oscar: [reading from a note on the microwave] "To whoever made the microwave mess: the microwave is a shared kitchen appliance. By not cleaning it up you are basically telling whoever follows that their time is less valuable, as they will have to scrub out your disgusting splatter. Sincerely, disappointed."
Andy: That is just obnoxious.
Oscar: No kidding.
Pam: Yeah. Wait, what, the mess or the note?
Oscar: The note. So "holier than thou".
Angela: Hmm, I liked it.
Pam: Don't you think the person who left the mess is the obnoxious one?
Andy: No, the note is way more obnoxious than the mess.
Meredith: Sincerely, disappointed? Get off your high horse, Richie.
Pam: Just because someone likes things clean, doesn't mean they're rich.
Meredith: Yeh, they're rich.
 
Michael: You want to see some really high caliber acting? Well, Mr. Kurt Russell, you are about to be served. [walks to the annex] Hey Toby, great to have you back, man. Seriously, just a, just a real pleasure to see you again.
Toby: Well thanks Michael.
Michael: You're welcome. Missed you. Missed you as part of our family.
Toby: Well that's sweet, I missed you guys too.
Michael: So Costa Rica that was - did you have fun? That must have been fun.
Toby: Well, um, it was amazing. It really was, thanks for asking. Um the beaches were pristine...
Michael: Nice beaches, pristine beaches?
Toby: ...and, yeah, the whole thing was incredibly cathartic.
Michael: Why'd you come back? Why didn't you stay?
Toby: It was actually kind of hard to meet people I found.
Michael: I bet, for you.
Toby: And uh, yeah, plus it was hot.
Michael: [shifting uncomfortably and sweating] Shhh hot, why didn't you get an air-condition--- should have gotten an air-conditioner for yourself.
Toby: Are you all right, Michael?
Michael: Yeah, I am. I am.
 
Michael: I tried, I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil... snail. I feel like I'm dying inside. I feel like Neve Campbell in Sream II. She thinks she can go off to college and be happy and then, the murderer comes back and starts killing off all of her friends. I learned a lot of lessons from that movie, this is just one of them.
 
Michael: Okay, just summarize.
Dwight: Okay, fireable offenses include: workplace violence and sexual harassment.
Michael: That's it, that's it, perfect. We will get him to hit on somebody, and then we will catch him in the act.
Dwight: I love catching people in the act. That's why I always whip open doors.
Michael: Mm. Me too. Okay, let's get this started.
Dwight: Okay [stands up removes jacket and starts loosening his tie]
Michael: What are you doing?
Dwight: [removes glasses] I am the bait.
Michael: For what?
Dwight: Men find me desirable.
Michael: No, no, no.
Dwight: Oh, it's a good day too. I'm wearing my mustard shirt.
Michael: You're the bait for Toby?
Dwight: Mmhmm.
Michael: No, for one thing, he's not gay. And if somebody were to be bait it would be Jim. Or Ryan. Or me.
Dwight: Men find me desirable.
Michael: Yes, sure they do, Dwight.
 
Pam: When it comes down to it, it's a health issue. I should have written that. 
Jim: Mmhmm, yeah.
Pam: [looks up] Why aren't you as mad or interested in this as me?
Jim: Oh totally. Sorry, are we talking about the microwave still?
Pam: Are you inching away from me?
Jim: No.
Pam: Reach your arms out.
Jim: [laughs and swings his arm out which doesn't come close to touching the reception desk] I'm always this close.
Michael: Pamtown lady sing this song, doo-dah doo-dah. Hello, Pam. Jim may I have a moment with Pam please.
Jim: Yes, I just have to take this call anyway so...
Michael: Oh, oooh his mistress. No. I'm kidding. No one would ever cheat on you; you are the complete package, Pam.
Pam: What do you need, Michael?
Michael: Okay, what I would like you to do is take this folded note, and deliver it to Toby Flenderson? I just want you to just react to whatever this note elicits. Do not read it beforehand. Can you do that for me?
Michael: Good. [Pam stands up and starts reading note] N-no no no, don't.
Pam: "Please hug and kiss me, no matter how hard I struggle. I'm too shy to tell you that I love you."
Michael: Pam. Pam, you gave me your word.
 
Ryan: [kissing Kelly against her desk] You did that for me?
Kelly: Mmhmm.
Ryan: Are you happy you did?
Toby: Hey guys that's really inappropriate.
Ryan: [kisses for a little longer] What's up?
Michael: Um, I got some photos from Costa Rica if you want to see them?
Ryan: Yeah, yeah I'll see them.
Michael: Toby can I see those? Ooh. [takes photos and throws them on the floor] What's the matter? What's the matter? You scared?
Dwight: Those are fighting words.
Michael: You mad? You mad at me?
Dwight: I hope he doesn't haul off and just hit you.
Michael: Do you want to do that? You want to hit me, you want to punch me?
Dwight: Hmmm?
Michael: Huh? He might do it...
Kelly: Punch him, Toby! 
Michael: I dare you to. Come on.
Dwight: Come on. [making karate moves] Baaah!
Michael: What's the matter... haaaww!
Dwight: Hit him! Hit him, Chicken.
Ryan: Yeah, punch him.
Michael: Hey hey! Come on, Ryan, who's side are you on?
Dwight: Ryan. Come on, man?
Michael: No do it, do it. I dare you.
Dwight: Punch him as hard as you possibly can in the face.
Michael: Not, not as hard as you can, just a good, solid punch. Come on! Come oooon...
Toby: I'm not going to punch you, Michael.
Dwight: Are you really not going to punch him?
Toby: No, why would I punch you?
Michael: Son of a bitch.
Ryan: [as Toby picks up his photos] You should have hit him man, guy was asking for it. Once in a lifetime, man.
 
Dwight: I thought you were going to parcel those out through the day
Michael: [mouth full of brownie] Just stop it. You haven't done anything helpful all day.
Dwight: There's still one thing we could do to get Toby fired.
Michael: What's that?
Dwight: [goes over and closes office door] Frame him, for using drugs. 
Michael: Frame him?
Dwight: Yeah, it's illegal, but... everything they do on The Shield is illegal.
Michael: I've never framed a man before, have you?
Dwight: Oh I've framed animals before. I framed a raccoon for opening a Christmas present. And I framed a bear for eating out of the garbage.
Michael: Just seems awfully mean. But sometimes the ends justify the mean.
 
Michael: Hello. I've seen you guys around. I'm Michael Scott, Dunder Mifflin. How you doing? [they stare at him] Uhghh, so I guess you know why I'm here? I need to purchase something.
Vance Refrigeration guy: A fridge?
Michael: No. Uh, I wanted--- I wanted to buy some weed? Some...
Vance Refrigeration guy: What?
Michael: Grass, weed?
Leo: What makes you think we'd have weed?
Michael: I heard you drug--- I heard you dealt.
Vance Refrigeration Guy: [whispers in Leo's ear] Hey, just hold on one second.
Michael: I'm not wearing a wire, so...
Leo: Why would you even say that?
Vance Refrigeration Guy: [comes back up to Michael] Hey, that's gonna be 500 dollars.
Michael: How much? How many pounds is it?
Vance Refrigeration Guy: It's- it's two pounds. I'm losing money on this man just, give me the money. Alright, walk away.
Leo: Walk away.
Vance Refrigeration Guy: Walk away.
 
Ryan: Hey, Pam? I just wanted to let you know; I'm totally on your side with the whole microwave situation.
Pam: Thank you.
Ryan: I was just back there, to make some cup-o-soup; the thing is still a huge mess. 
Pam: I know, can you believe it?
Ryan: Yeah, it's crazy. But, I guess the thing is at some point, notes or no notes, someone's gonna have to just get there and clean it up.
Pam: I guess that's why we have a temp, huh?
Ryan: Ah ha ha, oh no, trust me. I would just make it worse.
Pam: How would wiping it with a paper towel make it worse?
Ryan: I--- I would find a way.
Pam: You've seen things cleaned before though, right?
Ryan: I--- Pam, I am hopeless at that stuff I... I, uh...
 
Kelly: Hi, Michael.
Michael: Hey, hey, hey. Hey. I forgot... I forgot...
 
Dwight: [on a cell phone in the hallway] Yes, I repeat a drug dealer is on the premisis of Dunder Mifflin. His name is Toby Flenderson [Michael opens Toby's desk drawer and puts something in it] and he recently returned from a mysterious vacation in Central America. I have risked a great deal to tell you this information. My name is Andy Bernard. Andrew Bernard, that's my name. See you soon.
 
Police Officer 1: Hi, we received a call?
Pam: I don't know anything about that.
Police Officer 1: We were tipped off about a possible narcotics situation.
Pam: Here?
Dwight: Hey, Pam. Hey I got this, okay? Hello, officers, Dwight Schrute, former volunteer Sheriff's Deputy. Listen, I may have inside information that someone is hiding drugs in this very office. [leads them back towards the annex as Creed stands up and starts to put him hands up and then relaxes them behind his ears]
 
Creed: Just pretend like we're talking until the cops leave.
 
Michael: Those are real cops, real guns. I wonder what's going on. [follows them]
Dwight: Officers, I reveal to you the perpetrator.
Toby: Hey, what is this?
Dwight: Search his things.
Police Officer 2: Sir, can you step away from your desk please?
Toby: Why?
Police Officer 2: Sir, please step away from your desk.
Toby: Hey, what's going on? You don't have my permission to do this.
Dwight: They don't need your permission, Flenderson, they've got the company's permission.
Toby: Hey, hey what are- why are you doing this?
Michael: Uh, you know what? I think that this... uh, this is probably a misunderstanding.
Toby: Don't search my stuff.
Police Officer 1: Sir?
Toby: I have a reasonable right to privacy.
Dwight: Save your whining for the jury there, Flenderson.
Toby: Michael!
Michael: Yeah, let's just cancel this, okay?
Police Officer 1: Sir, did you recently return from a trip to Central America?
Toby: Oh my God!
Michael: No, no no no... No, no.
Toby: That was... I went to Costa Rica for a few months. What is going on?
Michael: No, that was... that was legitimate. That was totally legitimate.
Police Officer 1: Really?
Police Officer 2: Check this out.
Michael: Oh God!
Toby: That is not mine. I have never seen that before.
Michael: No, no no no no.
Police Officer 1: Turn around.
Toby: What is going on here?
Michael: God! No, that's not... I don't know what that is. And I... I bet he has nothing to do with that!
Police Officer 1: Do you have any weapons?
Toby: Of course not!
Michael: Ahh, that's mine.
Dwight: No! Michael, no!
Michael: Yes, it's mine.
Police Officer 2: Some basil. Salad dressing, I think.
Police Officer 1: Salad dressing?
Police Officer 2: Yeah it's, uh, a caprese salad. There's a little bit of, uh, mozerella right there.
Michael: Are you kidding me? That's my salad.
Dwight: So wait a minute, there's no drugs?
Police Officer 2: No.
Dwight: Gahh, dammit! [punches file cabinet] Come on!
Police Officer 1: We got a fake tip.
Dwight: Wait, officers, are you sure you don't want to interrogate him?
Police Officer 1: No.
Dwight: [following them out] You have laws that protect you in any kind of interrogation. Why don't you use them?
Michael: You must feel pretty good about yourself right now.
Toby: I didn't put caprese salad in my drawer, Michael.
Michael: Hmm.
Toby: Did you?
Michael: Since when is it illegal to put caprese salad... anywhere. 
Toby: You know but the police could have been out there you know, catching real criminals instead of here searching my stuff.
Michael: Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me, that's who you're worried about? You're... you're worried about the cop's time? You think I framed you, and you're worried about the taxpayer? Dah, God! Welcome back, jerky jerk-face.
 
Michael: You said you were leaving and you made liars out of all of us. So...
Toby: I did leave.
Michael: Yes, you did. And then you came back, which makes you the biggest liar of... history.
Toby: Well, I don't see it that way.
Michael: Do you want to hear a lie?
Toby: What?
Michael: I think you're great. You're my best friend.
 
Ryan: [stops kissing Kelly] I can't do this.
Kelly: Can't do what?
Ryan: It's not fair to you. And it's really not fair to me.
Kelly: Wait, what are you saying? I broke up with Darryl so I could be with you.
Ryan: That was your choice; don't put that on me. I'm just going on a little trip.
Kelly: Oh, can I come?
Ryan: It's not that kind of trip. I'm going to Thailand with some friends from high school, well, a high school. And if I don't do it now I'll never get to go. And I'll always resent you for it... you don't want me to resent you, do you?
Kelly: So you're dumping me?
Ryan: Let's be adults about this. Let's have sex one more time. And if you have any extra cash, that would be amazing.
Kelly: Okay?
 
Jim: [walking out of the building] Hey, do you mind if we make a stop on the way home?
Pam: Sure.
Jim: Cool.
 
Pam: [getting out of the car] What are we doing at your parent's house?
Jim: I have a surprise for you. All right, ready? Close your eyes and now [spins her around once] open your eyes. Tadah!
Pam: I don't get it.
Jim: I bought it. It's ours. Let's go inside, I'll show you inside. [walking inside] So if you can believe it I did it without a realtor. Saving on closing costs is good and, uh, we can put all the money to de-shag the carpet. Which I think will help, the color situation. [Pam walks over to the clown painting on the wall] Yeah, I am really sorry about this. I tried to move it but he is really nailed in there. Worried about art theft, I guess, lot of art theives in this neighborhood. [upstairs] This is the master bedroom but, I'm actually not allowed in here so... [shuts the door]
 
Jim: [outside] So I'm still in the process of converting the garage. It's got great light in here and I'm thinking, it could be perfect [opens garage door] for an art studio. [Pam looks around and then looks at him] Look, I know, I bought this without asking you and it's doesn't look great, I know that. And if you really hate it, I totally understand it's just---
Pam: I love it.
Jim: You do?
Pam: Yeah, I love it!
Jim: Really?
Pam: I mean, you bought me a house!
Jim: Oh my God...
Pam: You bought me a house!
Jim: Yeah, I did. [they kiss]
Pam: Um, do we have to sleep in your parent's bedroom?
Jim: No, No, we'll just board that up. It'll be that weird spare room that people ask us about.
Pam: And the clown?
Jim: Yeah, I can't... really can't move him.
 
Dwight: What is my perfect crime? I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting: I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris, by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years; she's never taken another lover. I don't care, I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier. 

Oscar: Here are our final actual costs for this year.
Michael: Mmm... okay.
Oscar: As you can see, we did pretty well, so...
Michael: Yes. Yes, I can see... that we did indeed. Why don't you explain this to me like I am an eight-year old.
Oscar: Alright, well this is the overall budget for this fiscal year along the x-axis...
Michael: Yes.
Oscar: Right there.
Michael: There's the x-ax...icks.
Oscar: You can see clearly on this page that we have a surplus of $4300.
Michael: Mmhmm, okay.
Oscar: But we have to spend that by the end of the day or it will be deducted from next year's budget.
Michael: Why don't you explain this to me like I'm five.
Oscar: Your mommy and daddy give you ten dollars to open up a lemonade stand. So you go out and you buy cups and you buy lemons and you buy sugar. And now you find out that it only costs you nine dollars.
Michael: Ho-oh!
Oscar: So you have an extra dollar.
Michael: Yeah.
Oscar: So you can give that dollar back to mommy and daddy, but guess what? Next summer...
Michael: I'll be six.
Oscar: And you ask them for money, they're gonna give you nine dollars. 'Cause that's what they think it costs to run the stand. So what you want to do is spend that dollar on something now, so that your parents think it costs ten dollars to run the lemonade stand.
Michael: So the dollar's a surplus. This is a surplus.
Oscar: We have to spend that $4300 by the end of the day or it'll be deducted from next year's budget.
Michael: [whistles poorly] Whoo.
Oscar: We should spend this money on a new copier, which we desperately need.
Michael: Okay, break it down in terms of, um... okay, I-I think I'm getting you...
 
Michael: Guess what, everybody? Christmas has come early this year. Oscar, very smartly, has discovered an extra $4300 in the budget. Thank you, Oscar. And I have decided with that money I am going to buy a new, drum roll please... [imitates drum roll] Can anybody guess?
Pam: New chairs?
Michael: No, a new copier! [only Oscar applauds] Unless everybody can agree on something better?
Oscar: No, no, please. Please do not do this.
Pam: Yes, Michael, new chairs. These chairs are terrible. We were supposed to get new ones last year.
Michael: So... we all agree to get new chairs then. Good?
Pam: [over indistinct conversation] Good? Yeah, he said good, I'm good...
Oscar: Now listen, we are a paper company. How can we take pride in our jobs if we have to put our fine paper in this wretched machine?
Pam: Oscar, no. This is not the time for one of your principled stands.
Oscar: Pam, you make more copies than anyone.
Pam: Exactly. That should tell you how terrible the chairs are.
Michael: Okay. Okay, good suggestions. All good suggestions. Uh, let's just decide and agree upon one.
Stanley: I'm with Pam. Chairs.
Michael: Alright, so, teams forming.
Toby: We should really have the office's air quality tested. We have radon coming from below, we have asbestos in the ceilings. These are silent killers.
Michael: You are the silent killer. Go back to the annex.
Toby: You'll see.
Pam: Michael?
Michael: Yes.
Pam: I've talked to Meredith, Stanley and Jim about the chairs. I know they're with me on this.
Jim: Uh, actually, I'm gonna go with copier.
Pam: What? Jim.
 
Jim: Ever since Pam and I started dating, I just feel weird asking her to make copies for me. So, I make my own copies. And that copier sucks. Let me tell you, I-But you know what? Pam and I don't have to agree on everything.
 
Meredith: Jim, good for you, standing up to Pam like that.
Creed: The balls on you, man.
Oscar: So Michael, what do you think?
Michael: Why me?
Jim: You have to make the decision.
Michael: Wow, okay. Well... I swallowed all your ideas, I'm going to digest them and see what comes out the other end.
 
Andy: Dwight, I'm a little concerned about some of these directions to Schrute Farms...
Dwight: Yeah, do tell.
Andy: I mean, like, "156 paces from the light red mailbox, make a left."
Dwight: Mmhmm.
Andy: "Walk until you hear the beehive."
Dwight: How could it be more clear?
Angela: I think Andy makes an excellent point.
Dwight: Okay.
Angela: But my biggest concern is that there's only one bathroom.
Dwight: We'll dig a trench. As long as it's downhill from the well, we should be fine.
Angela: Nana Mimi cannot squat over some trench.
Dwight: Well we're not gonna put out stumps, come on.
Andy: Let's three-way this little issue, and come to a solution by the time we get to Schrute Farms, how's that for a plan?
 
Andy: We're getting married at Schrute Farms, no matter what. I have looked at twelve venues, I have lost eight deposits, and I have seen Angela naked zero times. I am not losing another deposit.
 
Pam: Hey.
Jim: Hey.
Pam: So um, I've been thinking about this whole chair/copier thing...
Jim: Mmhmm.
Pam: I really think you should reconsider.
Jim: Oh, Pam, I really... hate that copier.
Pam: Yeah, I know.
Jim: Yeah.
Pam: But I really think you should reconsider.
Jim: Beesly, are you threatening me?
Pam: Jim. Jim, Jim, Jim. I'm not threatening you. I love you. [whispers] But you should know, you're on very dangerous ground [kisses Jim]. [at normal volume] All right.
Jim: Okay.
 
Jim: [shudders] Whew.
 
Dwight: This is where you'll have your receiving line. Of course we'll clear out all the livestock and hay and such.
Andy: Hmm... mm, what's that smell?
Dwight: You're gonna need to be more specific.
Angela: Manure. Get rid of it.
Dwight: Manure covers up the small of the slaughterhouse.
Angela: Do you have to slaughter on our wedding day?
Dwight: You wanna eat, don't you?
Angela: Honey, say something!
Andy: Uh, Dwight, if we pay extra, could you slaughter the entrees the day before?
Dwight: ...I'll consider it.
Andy: See? That's how you do it! Makin' progress here. [steps in manure, trying to laugh it off] ...Darn! Heh.
Dwight: There's a hose out back.
Andy: Okay.
 
Pam: Remember, you were gonna get a new chair, and you were gonna give your old chair to me. Remember that?
Michael: Yes.
Pam: Well that never happened.
Oscar: Michael?
Michael: I don't know. I haven't decided yet.
Oscar: I'm just gonna grab some lunch. You wanna come with?
Michael: Really? Absolutely! Yeah, that would be amazing.
Jim: Woah, you guys going to lunch?
Michael: Yes.
Jim: Mind if I join?
Michael: Ohh, God!
Jim: All right.
Michael: Yeah!
Jim: Let's go.
Michael: Best lunch ever! Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Jim: Let's do it.
Michael: All right! Cool!
Jim: Where we going?
Michael: I have no idea.
 
Pam: So, I guess that's how they're gonna play this. It is on. [very serious] It is so on.
 
Pam: Look, I really need this new chair. I mean, seriously, how is it possible that in five years I've had two engagement rings, and only one chair?
 
Oscar: [laughing uproariously with Michael and Jim] Stop it! Michael.
Jim: Michael, that is hilarious.
Michael: [through the laughter] Oh, is somebody making fun of me?
Oscar: The best. Great friends. Thank you, Michael. [all three are still laughing]
Jim: Ahh... I got you some tiramisu. No hard feelings.
Pam: Aww.
Jim: Yeah.
Pam: That's cool. [opens the container and smells the tiramisu] Mm, good stuff. [throws it in the garbage]
Jim: You look really pretty.
Pam: Thank you. [goes to Michael's office and knocks on the door]
Michael: Yeah.
Pam: Michael?
Michael: Yeah?
Pam: Hey!
Michael: Oh, hey.
Pam: You got a second?
Michael: I do.
Pam: Oh, good.
 
Pam: Oh, that must've been so fun.
Michael: it was fun. We had a good time.
Pam: Hey, have I told you you look really nice today?
Michael: Oh, thank you.
Pam: Yeah, is that a new tie?
Michael: Um, no, not... no. No, I got it at TJ Maxx, four dollars.
Pam: That is amazing!
Michael: You think that's good? Check out these pants. Nine dollars.
Pam: What?
Michael: Nine dollars. The boys' department.
Pam: No.
Michael: Look at the ass. Check out the ass.
Pam: [applauding] No way!
Michael: Look at that. [begins dancing] Unh. Unh-unh.
Pam: Yeah! Oh, so I guess Oscar and Jim were talking your ear off about the new copier.
Michael: Yes they were.
Pam: Yeah.
Michael: They were.
Pam: Here's what I was thinking: everyone sits on a chair every day...
Michael: Mmhmm.
Pam: But not everyone...
Michael: Sits on a copier.
Pam: Or even uses the copier every day.
Michael: Yeah.
Pam: Yeah, right?
Michael: Very valid.
Pam: ...That's it. [giggles]
Michael: All right.
Pam: All right, see you later...
Michael: See ya.
Pam: Hot tie guy.
Michael: [laughs] Hahaha!... well...
 
Dwight: Have you made a decision on the butter sculpture?
Angela: No. I haven't thought of it.
Dwight: Okay. Cow, goat or sheep. It's not that hard.
Angela: I would like cat.
Dwight: Cats don't make butter.
Angela: I would like cow butter sculpture of a cat.
Dwight: It doesn't make any sense.
Angela: Yes it does!
Andy: Okay, guys!
Angela: I want a butter sculpture of a cat!
Dwight: Cow, goat or sheep.
Andy: What is this? All right, we're all on the same team. Is it- [steps in manure] Damn! Why is that in the kitchen?!
 
Jim: [Pam is making copies and is struggling with the machine] You might want to consider changing teams, because we would-we would love to have you.
Pam: No, copier's great.
Jim: Yeah?
Pam: Yeah. I have my copies. [holds up messed up copies]
Jim: There they are.
Pam: And I have my original. [holds up original paper, ripped in half]
Jim: You got it.
Pam: So suck it.
Jim: Okay.
 
Michael: Okay.
Kevin: Michael, I got you a hot chocolate. I hope that's okay.
Michael: Oh, thank you my dear.
Kelly: Wait, Michael! Let me open the door for you.
Michael: Oh, well, chivalry is not dead after all. Okay...
Stanley: There he is!
Michael: There he is! Hello, hello!
Phyllis: Hello.
Michael: Hello! Good to see you! Good to see you.
Jim: Oh!
Michael: Mm! [gives Jim a high five] Yeah!
Pam: There's that ass!
Michael: Hey hey! Yeah! Unh!
Pam: Woo! Yeah. Aw, don't take it away!
Michael: Oh... ah, I almost choked.
 
Dwight: Here's another place.
Angela: It's beautiful.
Andy: Hey-o!
Dwight: So... why don't we try this out, we'll see what would happen. Give it a little test drive, what do you say? You pretend to be Angela's father, you will play Angela, and uh, I will pretend to be you. That way you can see what it looks like when you're up here.
Andy: [whistling Pachelbel's "Canon in D;" switches to singing then back to whistling]
Angela: [to minister] Hello, I'm Angela Martin, and-
Andy: I'm Andy.
Angela: I work with Dwight.
Dwight: He doesn't understand a word you're saying.
Andy: What?
Dwight: Although born just minutes from here, he speaks only German. Closed society. So, now, after the readings by all of your sisters, we will arrive at the vows. So, Konrad... [speaks German to minister; minister begins speaking in German] And away we go. This is a little taste of the ceremony, if you will. He's explaining why we're here, what we're doing here, making introductions, blah blah blah... Then he's gonna have Andy repeat a bunch of stuff. He's gonna ask Andy to produce a ring. I have uh, now just uh... just some twine for our purposes, and you will put the ring on her finger. Yadda yadda, then he's going to ask Andy, uh, if he would like to marry Angela. And you will reply, "I do." [Andy mouths, "I do" silently] And then he's going to ask Angela if she would like to marry Andy, to which you will reply...
Angela: I do.
Dwight: And there we go. Okay, and that's just about it. Man and wife.
 
Hank: Got a call about a problem up here.
Pam: Did somebody call Hank?
Michael: Hank, thank God you're here. The office is at a crossroads.
Hank: So, there's no security problem? You know, I hustled up the stairs.
Michael: Yes. I need your sage advice. And everyone, whatever Hank decides, that is the decision. That will resolve this issue. [Hank takes some jellybeans from Pam's jar] Yeah, take as many as you want.
Hank: Thank you. Thank you. You know, it's nice and warm up here.
Michael: Yes.
Hank: So what are we talking about?
Michael: Okay. Well, we have a surplus. Imagine that your parents give you money for a lemonade stand-
Hank: I know what a surplus is.
Michael: Oh, okay. Good. Good. Well, here's the thing. Some people want to use the surplus to buy a new copier. Other people are complaining about the chairs.
Hank: Is that the copier?
Michael: It is, yes.
Hank: [inspects the copier] Hmm.
Michael: What?
Hank: I was just thinking. Let me see a chair.
Michael: Okay.
Pam: You can try mine.
Michael: Oh, there we go.
Hank: Hmm, not much lumbar support.
Michael: Now everyone, bear in mind once again that whatever Hank says goes. He is an impartial third party.
Hank: On the one hand, this copier is very old. You should see some of the new copiers they have. You would not believe what they do.
Michael: So, the copier.
Hank: Well, let me finish.
Michael: All right, yes.
Hank: Now the chairs. The chairs are very weak. Very weak chairs. I could not sit all day in this chair.
Michael: Well, what should I do?
Hank: ...Let me see the copier again.
Michael: All right, get out. Get out.
 
Angela: Dwight, I thought I knew what I wanted. And then, being here with you and the German Mennonite minister... it just all felt right. I made a mistake picking Andy.
Dwight: I know you did. And that's why I have taken care of everything.
Angela: What do you mean?
Dwight: Well Monkey, he's a real minister. And you said, "I do." And I said, "I do." And Andy wasn't signing a receipt; he was signing our marriage certificate as a witness.
Angela: Dwight! That doesn't count!
Dwight: Yes, of course it does.
Angela: No, it doesn't!
Dwight: It does in the state of Pennsylvania.
Angela: I didn't-
Dwight: Haha, Mrs. Schrute.
Angela: We are not married.
Dwight: Wha...
Angela: Take this thing. [takes off twine ring]
Dwight: My... It's not my fault you don't understand German; I've been telling you to take it for years!
Andy: Are we, uh... are we leaving or what? [Mose hits Andy in the head with a deflated ball] Ow!
 
David: [on speakerphone] Michael.
Michael: Hey David- [begins coughing violently] I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm eating tiramisu. Some of the chocolate powder just went down my throat. I'm stopping now.
David: Is this why you're calling me?
Michael: No, no, no, no, no. No. I'm calling- [coughs again] I'm sorry.
David: Okay.
Michael: Mm. I'm calling because, um, we have a stupid budget surplus, and people-everybody wants something different.
David: You want me to weigh in on a minor budget issue?
Michael: No, no, no. I want you to make the decision so I'm not the bad guy.
David: Well if I were you, I would just return the surplus and take the bonus.
Michael: The what now?
David: Branch managers who come in under budget get 15% of the savings.
Michael: ...Like a tip? [calculates amount] $645?!
 
Michael: I hate disappointing just one person. And I really hate disappointing everyone. But I love Burlington Coat Factory. You go in there with $645, you are literally a king.
 
Jim: [on the phone] We have that going out Tuesday... Okay? Sure, no, I can... I'll double-check that for you.
Michael: All right, attention everyone.
Jim: Let me call you right back. Okay.
Michael: I have made my decision. We do not need a new copier. We do not need new chairs. This copier... is... [puts paper on glass and makes a copy, then takes paper from glass] working perfectly.
Oscar: That's the original.
Michael: Pam, would you stand up for a sec? [sits in Pam's chair] Hmm. See how relaxed I am? I like this chair. [slowly sinking into the chair] Offers good support, it is urkelnomically correct... it's a good chair. I think we're spoiled because we don't appreciate the things that we have. You think kids in Africa have chairs? No. They sit in big piles of garbage. You think they have copiers? [the chair has slowly lowered itself almost to where Michael is not visible over the desk] They don't have copiers. They don't even- [struggles to get up from Pam's chair] Gah! They don't even have paper. And we are spoiled because we throw out perfectly good tiramisu because it has a little tiny hair on it. My point I this: I have seen the light in terms of what we need, and it is nothing.
Oscar: Do you know?
Michael: Do I know what?
Oscar: I think you know.
Michael: Mm, no...
Phyllis: Know what?
Pam: Yeah, know what?
Oscar: Does anyone happen to know what 15% of 4300 is?
Michael: $645.
Kevin: Michael's a genius.
Michael: Right.
Oscar: Why'd you say dollars?
Michael: Because that is how my mind works.
Oscar: What's 15% of 200? [Michael doesn't answer] Thank you. Everyone, Michael is returning the surplus so he can keep 15% as a bonus.
Jim: Wait, what?
Pam: You can do that?
Kevin: Hey Michael, what's 394 times 5,912?
Michael: Let's see...
Pam: You're gonna give yourself a bonus of $645 instead of getting the entire office something it really needs?
Michael: I don't need $645; I already have $645, more or less.
Oscar: You're gonna get us a copier then?
Michael: This is so stupid.
Pam: Or chairs?
Michael: This is so, so stupid. And, God... [looks at his watch] that's my phone.
Stanley: I didn't hear a phone.
Michael: To be continued!
 
Michael: No, I don't-this doesn't change anything. I have a very important decision to make. We need a new copier. We need new chairs. And I need to figure out a way to keep this money without having everybody hate me.
 
Andy: Hey Tuna, check it out. Tuna sandwich. Just like you. [Angela walks over to Andy] What-
Angela: [kisses Andy passionately in his chair] Now, I have to take care of a legal issue.
 
Andy: Was that hot or what?
 
Pam: So what's it gonna be?
Oscar: Michael, you have to make a decision. The day is almost done.
Pam: Let me just say, you've been promising me this chair since the day you hired me.
Oscar: You are a smart guy. I know you'll do the right thing.
Michael: [groans in frustration] You think it's easy?
Stanley: It's your job.
Michael: Okay, you know what? Why don't you guys deal with it? I am going to get up, and I am going to be out in the common area. But you need to decide; otherwise I'm taking the bonus. All right?
 
Michael: It is a classic management tactic. You have two sides, a deadline, you know that neither of them are gonna concede. What you do is you put 'em in a room, and you just- [Pam and Oscar come to the door of kitchen] Hey.
Pam: Hey.
Oscar: Hey, we're going with the chairs.
Michael: What?
Oscar: I just figured I'd rather have new chairs than nothing at all.
Pam: Thanks Michael.
Michael: Good work. I'm proud of you. [Pam and Oscar leave] Mother-
 
Michael: [wearing a fur coat] What did we learn this week? Well, one, thanks to me, my team is much, much faster at coming to decisions than I thought they would be. Number two, never buy a fur coat with a credit card until you absolutely have the money to pay for it. And three, [camera zooms out to see fake blood is splattered on the fur coat] you should know that some people think it's cool to throw buckets of fake blood on you as you are walking out of Burlington Coat Factory.
 
Jim: Truce?
Pam: Yeah, I guess, since I won.
Jim: Yeah, you did win. You did win. Anyway, I'm going to need three copies of each of these, stapled and collated. [begins to walk away, then turns back] Totally kidding. [leans in, whispers] I'm gonna need four. [kisses Pam]

Dwight: What is this?
Jim: Happy Holidays, Dwight. But do not open it till Christmas.
Dwight: You're so pathetic. How long did this take you? Three hours?
Jim: Five minutes actually. I am a black belt in gift wrapping.
Dwight: Yeah, no such thing. They don't give out black belts for things that are stupid. [scoffs] Well, I hope it was worth it, cause I'm gonna take it apart in about five minutes.
Jim: I think it'll take you a little longer than that.
Dwight: Really? If I can skin a mule deer in less than ten minutes, I ought to be able to cut my -- [sets briefcase on desk and sits in chair, desk and chair are made of paper, Dwight crashes to the floor]
 
Stanley: Eh...
Phyllis: I'm sorry. It's the largest one I have.
Stanley: I will not be the big guy in the tiny hat. [Kevin is wearing the same hat]
 
Phyllis: This is the first Christmas party I am throwing as head of the party planning committee. The theme is "Nights in Morocco". This isn't your grandmothers Christmas party. Unless of course she's from Morocco, in which case it's very accurate.
 
Michael: Hey, Phyllis, do I need this invite to get in to the party? 
Phyllis: Yes.
Michael: Awesome. I think this is going to be the best Christmas party ever.
 
Phyllis: Angela. You're going to move this for the party right? It's not on theme.
Angela: It's the nativity scene.
Phyllis: Alright. You can keep your camel, sheep, elephant and the north African king can stay. Everything else goes in the drawer.
 
Angela: I am not going to judge Phyllis for desecrating Christmas. There is one person who will though and Phyllis just stuffed him into a drawer. 
 
Phyllis: I need you to get rid of the tree.
Angela: But--
Phyllis: Thank you.
 
Phyllis: Oh, I don't think it's blackmail. Angela just does what I ask her to do so I won't tell everyone that she's cheating on Andy with Dwight. I think for it to be black mail, it would have to be a formal letter.
 
Jim: Ah. You brought in your doll collection.
Dwight: These are not dolls, Jim. These are commodities. Same as gold or oil. 
 
Dwight: Every year I do research to determine which toy will be the most popular of the Christmas season. This year it's a doll. Half girl, half unicorn. Catchphrase: "My horn can pierce the sky". Pathetic. I bought out every store in the area over the last couple of weeks. And as lazy parents become desperate I will sell them for an enormous profit. Isn't that right princess? [makes doll nod]
 
Jim: That's the Christmas spirit. 
Dwight: I am simply punishing those parents that would wait till the last minute to get their child a gift. And such a genetically improbable one. Look at that. How does that happen? King has sex with a unicorn? Man with a horn has sex with a royal horse?
Jim: Yes.
Michael: Oh, hey, is that Princess Unicorn? I thought they were all sold out.
Dwight: They are now.
Michael: Cool. [sings] My horn can pierce the sky.
 
Michael: This is equal parts scotch, absinthe, rum, gin, vermouth, triple sec, and two packs of Splenda. Call it a one of everything.
Meredith: [drinks] Oh... my... GOD!!! [laughs] Hit me again.
Michael: Alright... One more time around the block.
 
Jim: I will grant you one wish.
Pam: I wish that you'd stop rubbing that lamp in that creepy way.
Jim: Stupid. Everyone knows to ask for a hundred more wishes. [Pam laughs] Dumb.
Andy: [sitting on floor playing the sitar] Hey, hey... Ange... check it out. [sings] There's a place in France where the naked ladies dance. [laughs]
Angela: Really Andy? It's Christmas and your singing about nudity and France.
Andy: [sings] There's a hole in the wall where the men can see it all.
 
Michael: Jim, Jim....
Jim: What is it?
Michael: That is vodka and I mixed it with orange juice. I call it an orange-vod-juice...ka.
Jim: Wow, that is delicious.
Michael: Yeah.
Jim: Can't believe no ones thought of that.
Michael: I know.
 
Meredith: [dancing drunkenly] Ahh yeah!!
 
Meredith: [continuing to dance, lifting her shirt] Belly dancing!
 
Guy buying doll: 120, 180... 200.
Dwight: All right.
Guy: Thank you so much. My daughter is going to love this.
Dwight: Oh, so glad I could help.
Guy: Thanks.
Dwight: Merry Christmas.
Guy: You too.
 
Dwight: Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-ka-ching.
 
Michael: [sighs] Oh, so this is what every day would be like if you hadn't left India.
 
Jim: [Meredith's hair is on fire] Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Dwight: We got a live one! On fire!! [Dwight extinguishes Meredith]
 
Meredith: I'm all right. I'm all right.
 
Andy: Sorry.
 
Oscar: We're back on the 5th, should we just do it then?
Michael: Can not do it then. Monthly dental appointment, soft teeth
Oscar: What about February 2nd?
Jim: Ah... would you want to do it on Groundhogs day?
Michael: No, no. I celebrate privately.
Jim: That's cool.
Michael: Why don't we just do it now? We'll do it quickly.
Oscar: Now? It's our Christmas party.
Michael: We'll do it quickly.
Jim: Well what if we can't do it quickly.
Michael: [mimicking] What if we can't do it quickly? What if we cant do it--
Oscar: Do you know how to do an intervention?
Michael: Hey, shut up. Here we go. Everybody gather up.
 
Michael: An intervention. It's sort of hard to describe, but really its-- it's a coming together... it's a surprise party for people who are-- who have addictions. And you get in their face and you scream at them and you make them feel really badly about themselves. And then they stop.
 
Phyllis: It looks like we're going to be here for awhile, so why don't you make a little plate of hummus for everyone. Little triangles of pita, toasted on both sides, fanned so you can easily can grab them.
Angela: I don't--
Phyllis: And napkins... fanned.
 
Michael: Okay, how do you feel?
Meredith: A little better. I threw up.
Michael: Uck... T.M.I.
Kevin: Fire girl. [looks around] Too soon?
Jim: Yeah.
Michael: Okay, you know what I thought we should do is have a quick intervention and then get back to the party.
Toby: Michael, we are only allowed to talk about Meredith's work performance. We can not ask her to stop drinking.
Michael: I am not asking her to stop drinking. I am imploring her to quit being an alcoholic.
Meredith: I'm not an alcoholic.
Michael: Yeah, obviously you are. Okay, everybody who thinks that Meredith is an alcoholic please raise your hand. [everyone raises their hand]
Dwight: Aye.
Michael: The aye's have it.
Meredith: I don't care what everyone thinks. I know I am not an alcoholic. 
Michael: Alright, well, let's look at this a little bit closer then shall we? [pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket]
 
Andy: When I was in college I used to get wicked hammered. My nickname was puke. I would chug a fifth of socos, sneak into a frat party, polish off a few people's empties, some brewskies, some Jell-O shots, do some body shots off myself, pass out, wake up the next morning, puke, rally, more soco, head to class. Probably would have gotten expelled if I had let it affect my grades, but I aced all my courses. They called me Ace. It was totally awesome. Got straight B's. They called me Buzz. 
 
Michael: Meredith, have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood or deliberately change your state of mind?
Meredith: Sure.
Michael: Do you sometimes have a drink to celebrate a special occasion or mark a holiday?
Meredith: Obviously.
Michael: Have you ever under the influence of alcohol questioned the teachings of the Mormon church?
Oscar: Where did you get this?
Michael: I got it on a website, that's not important.
Toby: Michael, We should contact some experts. You don't know what your doing.
Michael: Okay, you know what Toby? One of my employees is undergoing a crisis and I wish for just once you would take my side on this. I'm doing your job man. Hey, are you texting?
Kelly: Yeah, 'cause this is kind of a drag.
Michael: Alcohol is a drag. Yes. Here's what I'd like to do. I'd like to go around the room and have us each express to Meredith how her alcoholism has affected us. I'll begin. This Christmas party is perhaps the best Christmas party I have ever been to, but then you got so drunk that we had to stop and do this. That's how your drinking affected me. Anybody else? Another time when Meredith's drinking affected you? Come on people. If we don't say anything she's not going to get any better. [Kevin raises his hand] Yes, Kevin.
Kevin: Well, Meredith, there was that one time you bought movie tickets and then you got too drunk to go, so you gave them to me. And that was really cool.
Michael: That's-- you didn't-- you weren't hurt by that.
Kevin: Yeah, you said affected by it. Thanks again, Meredith. 
Meredith: You're welcome.
Michael: Okay, no, that's not what we're going for. Who has a problem with Meredith's drinking? It has to bother you. It bothers me. Right? How does it bother you? Dwight, don't you have anything?
Dwight: No, I like Meredith.
 
Dwight: Actually, I don't care for Meredith, but I don't believe in this kind of thing. In the Schrute family we believe in a five fingered intervention. [holds up his fist] Awareness, education, control, acceptance and punching.
 
Michael: Who is going to tell us the latest dirty joke? Who is going to tell us what you watched on television last night?
Meredith: I am fine.
Michael: Was John Belushi fine? Was Bob Hope fine? Hey-- come here. If anything ever happened to you, I would be very angry at myself for not doing all that I could do.
Meredith: I know I drink. I like to party
Michael: I want you to say I'm an alcoholic.
Meredith: I am not an alcoholic!
Michael: You can say it as loudly as you want, but we're not going to believe you.
 
Phyllis: I was waiting until later to hand out this years gifts from corporate. [holds up shot glass] I don't think they're appropriate anymore.
 
Angela: Please stop making me do these things.
Phyllis: Oh, sorry, it's your job.
Angela: But it's the season of mercy.
Phyllis: You never showed me mercy when you were in charge. Why aren't you wearing the hairnet?
Angela: I lost it. [Phyllis glares at her until Angela pulls out the hairnet and puts it on]
Phyllis: Ok... nice.
 
Meredith: I don't mind telling you that I have an addiction. I do. To porn.
Michael: [amid groans from the rest of the office] Alright, no, no, no. No. That is the image, I think we can all agree is very disgusting. But you know what, Meredith, you lit your hair on fire today. What about tomorrow.? What is going to happen when you come into work and you're dead?
Dwight: I stab her in the brain with a wooden stick.
 
Dwight: There are several ways to kill a zombie, but the most satisfying one is to stab it in the brain with a wooden stick.
 
Michael: Everyone in this room loves you, but mark my words, we are not going to support your alcoholism anymore. The next time you light yourself on fire we are not going to help put you out.
Dwight: Oh, as fire marshal I would have to.
Michael: Dwight--
Dwight: She is a hazard to the other people of the office.
Michael: [sighs]...okay.
Dwight: I suppose I could do it if it was a controlled burn in a well ventilated area.
Jim: Yeah, but you're gonna need a permit for that.
Dwight: Oh right, that'll take a couple of weeks.
Creed: I can get you one in an hour. 
Dwight: Really?
Toby: Okay you know, this-- this is over.
Stanley: I agree.
Jim: Michael, I think... you did the best you could, but this is bigger than all of us.
Michael: Enabler! Enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler. It's Christmas and we are turning our back on somebody who is asking for help.
 
Michael: You know what the only thing I want for Christmas? I want Meredith to get better. That's my only wish. But you know what? My wishes never come true, so I'm not going to wish that on her. I-- a watch would be nice.
 
Jim: [watching Meredith and Michael talk in his office] They've been in there for 45 minutes.
Pam: I know. If she wasn't an alcoholic before, she is now. [Jim laughs]
 
Phyllis: That's a halwa shabkia cookie. They serve it during Ramadan. [Angela spits her cookie out]
Stanley: Mmmm... chewy.
 
Jim: [Andy playing the sitar] Hey. 
Andy: What's up?
Jim: Do you take requests? 
Andy: Sure.
Jim: Please stop. People are having a Christmas party.
 
Michael: [whispers to Meredith] I'll be down in a minute. [walks over to Toby] Could you write down the number of that rehabilitation center that you mentioned? 
Toby: Sure. Wow. [Michael throws a pen at his head] Ow...
 
Meredith: We just missed Poor Richards.
Michael: We did?
Meredith: Yeah, I thought we were going out for a drink?
Michael: Oh, shoot. Oh well, we'll have to go someplace else then I guess.
Meredith: The Bog? Cooper's, Kelly's...
Michael: We could go there, sure.
Meredith: ...Brixx's, Carmen's...
Michael: Yes, yes.
Meredith: ...The Fort, Andy Gavin's.
Michael: I have a new place.
Meredith: Well, it must have just opened up.
Michael: It-- yep, recently.
Meredith: Yeah... all right.
Michael: All right.
Meredith: Enough of this Christmas crap. Let's get some party music. [changes radio station] Yeah!
Michael: Yeah, oh there you go.
Meredith: Yeah!
Michael: That's good.
Meredith: Yeah that's better.
Michael: We're party girls.
 
Toby: [on phone] Hey Sasha, it's daddy. Have you ever heard of this doll , Princess Unicorn?
Sasha: [shouting excitedly over the phone] Daddy, daddy, daddy!!
Toby: No, No, No. No, I'm just curious if you've heard of it.
 
Toby: This is great. My ex-wife's going to be so pissed. [chuckles] For once daddy's gonna be a hero.
 
Dwight: $200.
Darryl: Yo.
Toby: Hey, I'd like to buy one of your dolls.
Dwight: Oh, that's my last one.
Toby: Oh, no, I-- no, no, I was gonna buy that doll.
Darryl: Thanks man.
Toby: I was-- I was gonna get the doll.
Dwight: Not my problem.
Toby: But I-- I promised my daughter. Darryl, look-- I-- I need the doll, I need the doll. I-- I'm-- I'm begging you. I just-- I need it more than anything in this world. I need this doll. Darryl, man I need this doll.
Darryl: All right man, don't cry. It's cool. I'll let you get it for $400.
Toby: I only have $200.
Darryl: You can owe me.
Toby: [laughs] Oh man, thanks, thank you, [tearing up] thank you, thank you.
Darryl: I know, right. Merry Christmas.
Toby: Oh thanks. She's gonna... [notices the doll is black] oh...
Darryl: Something wrong with the doll?
Toby: No. It's even-- it's even better than the one I wanted.
 
Meredith: Sunrise Rehab? No! No! No! I told you no! There is no way!
Michael: It's okay. It's all right.
Meredith: No way! There is no way! No way!
Michael: Meredith, we are doing this for your own good. Okay. Come on--
Meredith: No way! No way! There is no way! 
Michael: Here we go. This is gonna be good.
Meredith: No! No way! I told you. We talked about this. There is absolutely no way. No! No! There is no way! No! No! I am not going in there! I am not going in there! 
Michael: Yes you are. [tries to pull Meredith from the car]
Meredith: I am not going in there! NO!!
Meredith: Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Just wait! Just wait! 
Michael: Shhh... just calm down.
Meredith: [runs away] Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! No! No!
Michael: [chasing Meredith] Come on. Shh...
Meredith: No! No! No! There is no way! There is no way!
Michael: Here's the door. Here's the door.
Meredith: There is no way! There is no way! No! No!
Michael: [dragging Meredith on the floor into the rehab center] Let's start meeting-- Hello. How are you?
Meredith: This man is crazy! This man is crazy!
Rehab Nurse: Can I help you?
Michael: I have a deposit. Alcoholic. 
Meredith: No! No! No! No! No!
Michael: So do I sign?
Meredith: NO!!!
 
Phyllis: I need you to put the Christmas tree back up.
Angela: It's outside.
Phyllis: I didn't ask you where it was. I told you where it needs to be.
Angela: Shut up.
Phyllis: Excuse me?
Angela: I'm not moving the tree. Face it. The only power you have over me is this big secret that I know you're not going to tell. And you want to know how I know that? Because then you won't be able to plan your stupid, tacky parties anymore. So you move the tree.
Phyllis: Okay. [starts to walk away, then turns around] Angela's having sex with Dwight. I caught them doing it after Toby's going away party.
Dwight: Well don't look so surprised.
 
Pam: I knew it.
Jim: You did not know it.
Pam: I knew some of it.
Jim: Everyone knew some of it.
Pam: It's Christmas.
Jim: You knew it.
Pam: Thank you. I knew it.
Jim: She knew it.
 
Michael: As it turns out you can't just check someone into rehab against their will. They have to do it voluntarily. They have to hit rock bottom. So I think I know what I need to do at this point. I need to find ways to push Meredith to the bottom. Um... I think I can do it. I did it with Jan.
 
Andy: All right, everybody's still here. Perfect! Got a little surprise I've been working on. Angela, my bride, I just wanted you to know that for the rest of our lives, no matter the cultural milieu, I will always be there to bring you Christmas cheer. [sings] Deck the halls with boughs of holly. Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la. Tis the season to be jolly. Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la. Don we now our gay apparel. Fa-la-la-la-la-LA. Troll the little Yule tide carol. Roo-di-di-di-do. Roododododo. [laughs]
Angela: I think I'd like to go home now.
Andy: Sure. Dooo. Tough room. [chuckles] Come on. I just learned it. Just so you know protocol is a little round of applause. But, Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night.

Pam: [answering the phone] Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. I'm sorry, he's not in yet. Would you like his voicemail?
Michael: [heard yelling from the street] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah, okay! Twelve miles an hour. Eat that, Carl Lewis!
 
Pam: Angela made several 911 calls about cars going too fast in front of the building, so the police put up a radar gun. It's actually caused a bit of a traffic hazard.
 
Dwight: [yelling as he runs past the radar gun] Aah!
Phyllis: Wow, thirteen!
Dwight: Yes!
Michael: No. No, no. There was wind.
Dwight: I was just jogging.
Michael: Dwight, there was wind. I want a do-over.
Jim: No, no, no, it's not your turn. All right, thirteen is the new number. Oscar, go ahead.
Michael: I want another try. Here we go! [Michael runs past the radar as a car passes] Thirty-one! Thirty-one!
Stanley: There was a car.
Michael: I was ahead of the car. Thirty-one is my new number.
Oscar: Thirty-one is humanly impossible.
Michael: Go, Oscar. Thirty-one's my number.
Oscar: That's impossible.
Michael: Beat it!
 
Michael: Today's a big day. My presence has been requested by [in an authoritative voice] Chief Financial Officer, David Wallace. [in normal voice] He says that he wants to talk about big picture stuff. And, I'll be honest, I have little or no idea what that means, so... probably bad.
 
Pam: Quick announcement: new year, new candy.
Kevin: Whoo-hoo!
Pam: Okay, be careful, Kevin. They're kind of spicy.
Kevin: Hot tamales.
Pam: Yeah.
Kevin: Uh oh.
Pam: So, maybe just try one at first, and then if it's okay, have a couple more...
Andy: [entering the office] Excuse me, everyone, can I have the floor please? Um, this is insanely awkward. It's kind of the elephant in the room, so I'll just... [sighs] No one has RSVP'ed to our wedding yet, and the deadline was yesterday.
Michael: Wait, you still don't know...
Jim: [getting up quickly to silence Michael] No, no. Nope.
Andy: Hmm?
Jim: Nothing.
Michael: You still don't know.
Jim: Why don't... Let's...
Michael: [to Jim] What are you doing?
Jim: How about we just... Just have to talk to you for a second...
Michael: Andy.
Jim: Ahh! [ushers Michael into his office]
Andy: No, no one has RSVP'ed, and I don't understand it, and now, you're shutting me out. You're not even listening. That's really considerate. Thank you.
Michael: [from inside his office] No, what I'm saying is...
Jim: No, no.
Michael: No, that's not it.
Jim: I know.
 
Jim: Andy still doesn't know that Angela's having an affair with Dwight. And it's been seventeen days. I mean, eventually he'll figure it out, when their kids have giant heads and beet-stained teeth. But right now it's just... awkward.
 
Michael: [sighs] How can he still not know?
Jim: We can't figure that out.
Michael: I can't take it anymore.
Dwight: Wait, what? You can't take what?
Michael: I am telling Andy.
Dwight: No. You can't do that. It shouldn't come from you.
Michael: Who should it come from, then?
Everyone: [simultaneously] Angela.
Michael: [to Dwight] Are you still having intercourse with her? [Dwight's expression implies 'yes']
Oscar: What is wrong with you? She is engaged.
Michael: Did you ever have intercourse in this office? [Dwight's expression implies 'yes']
Oscar: Are you serious? Ugh. Where? [Dwight stares at Oscar; more forcefully] Where? [Dwight's expression implies 'at your desk'; Oscar's voice breaks] Where, Dwight?
Dwight: [coolly] Seems like you already know where.
 
Angela: Kevin, you screwed this form up again. The amount owed goes at the top.
Kevin: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize I was doing something wrong. If I had, I would've admitted it, and stopped right away.
Angela: That's enough.
Kevin: Because I wouldn't want an innocent person, who doesn't know anything about the form... [Angela puts headphones on; Kevin looks at Oscar] What?
Oscar: That was good... It's just, at the end you weren't saying something that could also apply to the form.
Kevin: How about, "I'm sorry I did such a whorish job filling out this form?"
Oscar: There you go.
 
Andy: [on the phone] That cannot be true! [Dwight jumps] You're going to charge me a fee to cut my own cake? Uh, no. No, no, no. What I'm saying is, I want to cut it myself...
Dwight: [whispering to Jim] Trade seats with me.
Jim: No.
Dwight: I've got a better angle on Pam. I can see everything.
Jim: Please stop.
Dwight: [grabs a spoon from Jim's coffee cup and checks behind him with it] I need a soup spoon.
 
Dwight: Rule 17: don't turn your back on bears, men you have wronged, or the dominant turkey during mating season. There are forty rules all Schrute boys must learn before the age of five. [sings] Learn your rules. You better learn your rules. If you don't, you'll be eaten in your sleep. [makes chomping sound]
 
Dwight: [moves his bobblehead from one side of his nameplate to the other and clears his throat to get Angela's attention]
 
Angela: What is it?
Dwight: You've got to tell Andy about us.
Angela: That is a terrible idea. One of your worst.
Dwight: Get it over with. Then we don't have to hide anymore.
Angela: You're expanding on your worst idea.
Dwight: Do you love me or not?
Angela: I've already admitted that I do. Why do you keep making me repeat it?
Dwight: Because you're engaged to Andy.
Angela: [sighs]
 
Michael: Well?
Dwight: Not yet.
Jim: When?
Andy: When what? [clears throat] When what?
Michael: You know this can't go on.
Andy: What can't go on?
Michael: We have to put an end to this.
Andy: Seems like...
Michael: Come on. [Dwight and Jim follow into Michael's office]
Andy: You guys should... be hearing what I'm saying.
 
Jim: This is really not how this is supposed to happen.
Dwight: Angela said she was going to tell him. She's just not ready.
Michael: When will she be ready?
Dwight: I don't know.
Michael: Is she crazy in bed?
Dwight: [boastfully] Yes.
Jim: Stop. What?
Michael: How so, specifically?
Jim: Okay, listen.
Dwight: Eager.
Jim: This shouldn't happen at work.
Dwight: And flexible.
Jim: And!
Michael: Really?
Jim: This shouldn't be coming from his boss. And we should also consider the fact that that man has an anger issue.
Michael: It's too late.
Jim: Well it's not too late, because you haven't done anything.
Michael: I am already walking.
Dwight: Michael, once this gets out... I don't know how it's going to go down.
Michael: Okay, what does that mean?
Dwight: Might get ugly.
Michael: [sighs] Jim, this has to get out, so we can all deal with it.
Jim: But you're leaving...
Dwight: [to Michael, who opens the door to leave] Have a good trip.
Michael: Thanks. [to Andy] Andy?
Andy: Yeah.
Michael: Walk with me.
Andy: Will do, boss-man.
 
Michael: Ohh, I do not have much time... car's all the way over there, to tell you what I have to tell you. And just bear in mind when I say... say these things, that... are bad things... that you hear... in your ears... this is something that I, if I were you, that I wouldn't want to hear...
Andy: You're not making any sense.
Michael: Well... no, I'm not. So I... I'm not very articulate today, so I'll just leave it for another time. Another day.
Andy: All righty.
Michael: Which will be fine. I am off!
Andy: Have a good meeting!
Michael: Thank you! [gets into his car]
Andy: [through the car window] Kick Wallace's ass!
Michael: [through the car window] Okay. I will... Dwight and Angela are having an affair, so...
Andy: I can't hear you through the glass
Michael: [rolls down car window] Dwight and Angela are having an affair. They've been sleeping together for some time. That was the news. I wanted to let you know.
Andy: What?
Michael: All right. See you later. [backs out of the parking space] Ahh.
Andy: Are you serious?
Michael: Yep. [drives off]
 
Meredith: I knew something bad was gonna happen today.
Oscar: You said that yesterday.
Meredith: Yeah, my neighbor got murdered.
Jim: [to Dwight] What are you standing for?
Dwight: If I'm sitting, I can't disable his neck or his groin.
Jim: You're not going to do anything to his neck or his groin.
Dwight: If I'm sitting, I don't have the option to.
Jim: Dwight, I'm in charge when Michael's gone, and I need you to sit...
Andy: [enters the office and walks to Angela] I need to talk to you.
Angela: We can talk right here.
Andy: I need to talk to you in private.
Kevin: We're not listening.
Andy: Let's go to the conference room.
 
Andy: Is it true?
Angela: What have you heard?
Andy: That you're sleeping with Dwight.
Angela: That doesn't sound like me.
Andy: Is it true?
Angela: Andy, I'm engaged to you. I mean, we just signed off on our wedding flowers. Would I have said yes to formal chrysanthemums if I didn't want to get married? And, we went through all that stuff with our wedding cake...
Andy: Just answer the question. Are you sleeping with Dwight?
Angela: A little bit.
Andy: How long has it been going on?
Angela: I don't know. I mean, we were together, and then he killed sprinkles, and then we stopped, and... I don't know exactly when we started up again.
Andy: Who else knows about it?
Angela: Michael.
Andy: Who else?
Angela: [quietly] Let me think about it... I, um... there... [Andy looks over to see everyone watching them]
Andy: Oh God. Come on!
 
David: So listen, Michael, your branch has been doing great lately, and your sales staff is reporting very strong numbers. Out-performing last year, in fact. Um, and I don't know exactly how to put this, but... what are you doing right?
Michael: Right what?
David: Utica, Albany, all the other branches are struggling, but your branch is reporting strong numbers. [Michael smiles] Look, you're not our most traditional guy, but clearly, something you are doing... is right. And I just, I need to get a sense of what that is.
Michael: David, here it is. My philosophy is basically this. And this is something that I live by. And I always have. And I always will. Don't ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what. No matter... where. Or who, or who you are with, or, or where you are going, or... or where you've been... ever. For any reason, whatsoever.
 
Michael: Sometimes I'll start a sentence, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way. Like an improv conversation. An improversation.
 
Michael: This is going to sound sort of high-maintenance, but could we have it, like, three degrees cooler in here? I always think better when it's cooler.
 
David: Here's the thing. Michael is doing something right. And in this economic climate, no method of success can be ignored. It's not really time for executives to start getting judgmental now. It's Hail Mary time.
Michael: [pokes his head in] Hey, what say we order up some pasta?
David: What say we do.
 
Angela: Standard, you know? Nothing fancy.
Andy: So like, missionary...
Angela: I said nothing fancy.
Andy: Do you love him?
Angela: I love you.
Andy: Why should I believe that?
Angela: Andy, we are at a crossroads here. And we can either give in to what people are saying that we're not good together.
Andy: Who says that?
Angela: Or, we can prove them wrong. Let's prove them wrong.
 
Andy: Where's Dwight?
Jim: You okay, man?
Andy: No. Not at all, actually. But thanks for asking. Appreciate it. You know what? I'd also like to take this opportunity to thank all of you for lying. To my face. And not telling me what's been going on this entire time.
Creed: You are welcome.
Andy: [Dwight enters] Dwight.
Dwight: Andy.
Andy: It's over.
Dwight: Oh good. She broke up with you.
Andy: No. It's over between you two.
Dwight: Uh, no way. I am not giving up.
Andy: You have to.
Dwight: No I don't.
Andy: [forcefully] She doesn't love you. She's marrying me.
Dwight: [angrier] Well I don't know about that, because she certainly seems to enjoy making lovemaking with me.
Andy: Angela Bernard.
Dwight: Will never be her name.
Andy: It will be her name. And you will have to call her that!
Dwight: I don't think so.
Jim: Hey guys, why don't we, uh, just cool off a bit?
Andy: I'm telling you to back down.
Dwight: And I'm telling you that I will never back down.
Andy: Then I'll make you.
Dwight: Oh really? How are you gonna do that?
Andy: Through the use of force.
Dwight: That is very general, and does not scare me in the slightest.
Andy: I will fight you.
Jim: Nope.
Dwight: Okay, fine! Good! A duel! The winner gets Angela.
Andy: Fine!
Dwight: Fine!
Oscar: This is nuts.
Dwight: What is your weapon?
Jim: Okay, you know what? That's enough. Because...
Dwight: Hey, this is none of your business.
Jim: Hey. It is my business when it happens at work.
Andy: Guess what? Not happening at work.
Dwight: Yes!
Andy: We're gonna do it outside.
Dwight: Outside of work.
Andy: None of your business.
Dwight: None of your business then. [Dwight and Andy high five] Good. So what weapon?
Andy: My bare hands.
Dwight: That is stupid. I will use a sword and I will cut off your bare hands.
Andy: Then I'll get something too.
 
Meredith: I've had two men fight over me before. Usually it's over which one gets to hold the camcorder.
 
Pam: Angela, you have to put a stop to this right now.
Angela: [thinks for a moment] I will respect the results of the duel.
Pam: Of course you will.
Meredith: I call loser!
Andy: I will be taking my break at 4:00 in the parking lot.
Dwight: I will also be talking my break at the exact same time and in the same location.
Andy: [softly] What a coincidence.
Dwight: Mm.
 
Jim: So, I either get more involved, or I take a sick day... leaving Dwight in charge. Oh God.
 
Jim: [collects Dwight's weapons from around the office; holds up a hand scythe]
Dwight: [innocently] How'd that get there?
Meredith: There's a star-shaped thing taped under the kitchen table.
Jim: Thanks Meredith.
 
Michael: So I was in the office, and I look over to our Accounting division, and there is Kevin Malone. Kevin is wearing a jacket that I've never seen before. And I call over to Kevin, "Kevin, is that a tweed jacket?" And he looks at me and he says, "Michael, yes it is a tweed jacket." And I look back at him and I say, "I feel the need!... The need for tweed."
David: It's hard to try and evaluate yourself, Michael, but I appreciate you trying. [gets up] And thanks for coming in.
Michael: [rises] Oh, thank you.
David: Yes.
Michael: I have to say, I am so impressed with the potential you see in me.
David: Yeah.
Michael: Okay. [sits back down to continue eating]
David: [opens his office door] Yeah, finish up.
 
Dwight: [shouting] Come on! Where are you? Let's do this thing! Come on! Come on out!
Angela: [watching from the conference room] I can't believe they're gonna fight over me.
Kelly: I guess people have fewer choices as they get older.
Dwight: Come on!
Meredith: Hey, has anything happened yet?
Dwight: Where are you?
Oscar: Mm-mm. It's 4:10, I don't think he's gonna show.
Kevin: Oh come on, man! Believe in something.
Dwight: Come on, coward! Where are you? Where... [spots a note attached to the bushes; goes to read it] "From the desk of Andrew Bernard." [scoffs] A note. Pathetic. "Dear Dwight, by now you have received my note. How are you? I am well. You are no doubt wondering why I have left this note. It has come to my attention that in any physical match with you, I would surely be bested." True. "The soft underbelly of my refined upbringing is my soft underbelly..." [as Dwight continues to read, Andy drives around the corner very slowly]
 
Kelly: There's Andy, he's in his car. You guys, what is he doing?
Phyllis: Why isn't Dwight turning around?
Oscar: The Prius is silent if he keeps it under five miles per hour. He deserves the win.
Creed: Yeah.
Dwight: [still reading] Alas, after much consideration and deliberation...
Pam: Oh my God!
Stanley: What's happening?
Phyllis: Andy's running over Dwight with his car.
 
Dwight: Whoa! What are you! Hey! Hey!
Andy: Yeah.
Everyone watching: Oh!
Dwight: Come on! Ow! Ah! Aah!
Andy: You give up?
Dwight: Never! [hits Andy's car with his bike chain] Get out and face me like a man!
Andy: I am a man! I'm a bigger man than you'll ever be! I would never sleep with another man's fiance!
Dwight: You're not a man! You don't know how to take care of her! [hits his car with the bike chain] All you do is dress fancy and sing. [imitating Andy] "La la la la la la la la la la!" What does that mean? You can't even protect her!
Andy: Protect her from what? Bears, you idiot? When's the last time you saw a damn bear in Scranton?
Dwight: Last year, idiot! [hits his car with the bike chain]
Jim: Dwight! Are your legs broken?
Dwight: No. My right one's falling asleep a little bit.
Jim: Andy, are you all right?
Andy: Go away, Tuna! I'm winning this!
Dwight: Yeah, back off. This isn't your fight. Oh, how much is this gonna cost? [hits his car with the bike chain] Oh! What? Trust fund will take care of that! [hits his car with the bike chain]
Andy: What did you say? I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.
Dwight: I sa- [Andy honks his horn]
Andy: What? You stupid idiot! [Andy honks his horn] You're like, you're like a Sasquatch! You live in the woods...
Dwight: Sasquatches are the strongest animal on the planet! So fine, call me a Sasquatch!
Andy: I don't get it! How can she be sleeping with you this whole time and only sleep with me twice?
Dwight: What?
Andy: What!
Dwight: She's sleeping with you?
Andy: I'm her fiance.
Dwight: She said she was only sleeping with me.
 
Andy: [enters, followed by Dwight, and makes a call] Yes, hi, my last name is Bernard, and I would like to cancel a wedding cake that I had ordered. B-E-R, N-A, R-D. Yeah, the one shaped like a sailboat... Yep, that's the one.
Dwight: [picks up his bobblehead and throws it in the trash can]
Andy: Thank you. [hangs up]
 
Michael: Wow, what a day! Haha! I thought I was gong to get chewed out, but, hold on! Here's an attaboy for ya! What? Rollercoaster ride! Rollercoaster! It just goes to show, you leave Scranton, exciting things can happen. [sighs] Ahh!
 
Dwight: [as Jim is collecting weapons, runs to the couch near reception and pulls out a crossbow; Jim catches him and he hands it over]

Dwight: What's this?
Jim: Looks like a red wire.
Dwight: Hmm. It wasn't here before. 
Jim: Well it's a computer Dwight, computers have wires. 
Dwight: Yours doesn't. 
Jim: Doesn't it? 
Dwight: No, it's going in a different direction then the other wires. 
Jim: Dwight, I am really busy, I can't talk about this anymore. [Dwight follows red cord through office past Phyllis' and Stanley's desks]
Phyllis: Dwight, get out of here!
Stanley: What are you doing?
 
Jim: I got 500 feet of red wire at a flea market up by Dunmore High School. 20 bucks for the whole spool. Crazy, what a deal. [behind Jim, Dwight climbs telephone pole] Oh he'll be fine. I made it up there.
 
Michael: What you talking bout, Wallace? [imitating What you talking bout Willis]
David: Hi Michael how are you?
Michael: Hi, I am well, how are you?
David: So listen, as you know, we haven't yet filled the regional supervisor job.
Michael: Oh, have you not?
David: Correct. And I was wondering if I could get you to do some of the field work that would normally go to the supervisor [Michael makes exaggerated oh-my-gosh face at camera]. There is an area from Carbondale to Marshbrook, where we have never done any business. 
Michael: Yeah.
David: There is a small company there, Prince Paper. I can't get a report on it because it's not a public company. But we have been talking about going after their market, so I was hoping you could do some fact finding for me.
Michael: Okay.
David: I'll fax over some of the things we're looking for.
Michael: Fax, why don't you just send it over on a dinosaur?
David: Look, this is important, Michael.
Michael: Oh, well, then, email it to me.
 
Phyllis: You've got no taste Stanley Hudson.
Stanley: Oh, I do. 
Andy: What are you guys talking about?
Stanley: Some actress, whether shes hot.
Andy: Who is the gal in question?
Phyllis: Hillary Swank.
Creed: Ah, Hillary Swank.
 
Kevin: [most of office huddles around print out of Hillary Swank, judging her hotness] Not at all.
Meredith: She's got mean eyes.
Pam: Have you seen her with her bangs?
Kevin: She looks like a monster.
Jim: Guys, she is a beautiful movie star, so maybe we should just go to work.
Meredith: She is an amazing actress.
Kevin: That is not the question.
Phyllis: She's not hot.
Kevin: Yeah, thank you Phyllis.
Jim: Okay, okay, okay. Why don't we just put this to a vote, and then we'll be done with it.
Angela: I'm not voting.
Jim: [snaps back] No one cares. Who thinks that Hillary Swank is hot, raise your hand. [half of office raises hand] Okay, and who thinks Hillary Swank is not hot, raise your hand. [other half of office raises hand]
Kevin: [counting votes] Five. Five to five.
Jim: Thank you, accounting department.
Kevin: So what do we do now?
 
Dwight: [riding in car with Michael] What if the owner of Prince Family Paper has a beautiful daughter and we have to seduce her in order to get their secrets?
Michael: I will seduce her.
Dwight: No, I wanna seduce her.
Michael: No, I will seduce her.
Dwight: Please Michael, please.
Michael: No, I got it.
Dwight: You'll fall in love with her. 
Michael: Yeah, so what if I did? That would take precedence and I would expect your support.
Dwight: Okay, let's go over the plan again.
Michael: Alright, I am a local business owner. [Dwight nods along] I need to buy paper. I find out everything about their prices and policies
Dwight: Your fictitious name?
Michael: Michael Scarn.
Dwight: I am a paper salesman looking for a new job. I find out everything about their expenses and salaries.
Michael: Okay.
Dwight: Then we meet at the Denny's...
Michael: [interrupting] No.
Dwight: ...and then we compare notes.
Michael: No, no, I never said Denny's. IHOP.
Dwight: No! [arguing over each other]
Dwight: You know how I feel about IHOP.
Michael: Oh, don't start, 
Dwight: Are you socialist?
Michael: You know what? I don't want to get into this debate again. I enjoy IHOP.
Dwight: I'll have a cup of a coffee.
Michael: You will have pancakes and you'll like it.
 
Dwight: Store only has three employees.
Michael: So what?
Dwight: It means they are not expanding.
Michael: Maybe they are shrinking.
Dwight: No.
Michael: They could be shrinking.
Dwight: No because their sign is centered perfectly above their store. No sign of the sign being moved.
Michael: Ah ha [popping something in his mouth] Yup. 
Dwight: [spying through binoculars] Its lunch time, and no sign of anyone coming in or out. Which means they are not taking new customers out to lunch.
Michael: Mm hmm .
Dwight: Which Means they're not acquiring new business. So once again no growth.
Michael: And there are clouds. There are clouds in the sky, which means gonna rain, bad for business.
Dwight: Oh, it would if they were all cumulous and not cirrostratus.
Michael: Argh, why are you all...
Dwight: Get your clouds right.
Michael: Shut up.
Dwight: So you go in now, I am going to go in exactly ten minutes. We have never met each other. We are complete strangers. Also, we are going to need a signal to bolt out of there if there is danger. Lick ur lips, try it. [Michael licks lips] No, no like this. [Dwight starts and Michael follows passionately licking their lips] Good. 
Michael: Ready to do this? 
Dwight: Yeah.
Michael: Good. Here come the sharks. [they imitate jaws theme sounds and Dwight makes shark fin on his forehead]
 
Michael: In nature, there is something called a food chain; it's where the shark eats a little shark. And the little shark eats a littler shark. And so on and so on. Until you get down to the single cell shark. So now replace sharks with paper companies and that is all you need to know about business.
 
Michael: Hello.
Entire Prince family: Hello, hi.
Michael: My name is Michael Scarn. I am a local business owner and I would like to find out about your company.
Prince Grandfather: Oh, please come in
Michael: Thank you.
Prince Grandfather: What kind of business are you in.
Michael: We are a law firm.
Prince Grandfather: I assume your primary paper needs are stationary, general office.
Michael: You know, I will be honest with you... about something. Where we used to live, our paper supplier had a lot of big clients and I just didn't feel like a priority. So I guess my question [reaches for paper in his pocket with questions on it] for you would be [reading off sheet] how many clients do you have?
Prince Grandfather: About 80.
Michael: Really? That many? This doesn't seem like a very big operation.
Prince Grandfather: It's just me, my wife and my son.
Michael: Ah, so when did you set up shop?
Prince Grandfather: I opened this place after I came back from Vietnam.
Michael: Oh Vietnam, I hear it's lovely .
Prince Grandfather: [muted] Mmhmm. [shrugs]
 
Andy: Each side will have three minutes to prepare opening arguments. Topic: Hillary Swank is attractive.
Entire office: Hot!
Kevin: The debate is whether she is hot.
Stanley: What difference does it make? Attractive, beautiful, hot, we're talking about the same thing here.
Kevin: Huge difference. A painting can be beautiful, but I don't want to bang a painting.
Andy: Okay, TMI.
 
Michael: So, even specialty paper, say 94 brightness double-bonded, you would put that on the same truck as your conventional stock?
Prince Grandfather: You sure know a lot about paper for a lawyer. 
Michael: Well that is... because... I am a genius.
Prince Grandfather: Oh really?
Michael: Yes, well about some things, and other things I am very stupid. Like, watch this. Is this the cup? [picks up tape dispenser and makes drinking motion] Is this the cup? [picks up a stapler and makes drinking motion] Is this what I drink out of? [glug noise, both laugh] Laughter is my job, tears are my game, law is my profession. 
Dwight: Hello, I would like to apply for a job. 
Prince Grandfather: Hi, I'm afraid we're not hiring right now.
Dwight: Why don't you just get rid of this guy? [points to Prince Son]
Prince Grandfather: That's my son.
Dwight: I'm your son now; you can visit him on holidays. Dwight Schrute, I'm a paper salesman at a second tier paper company called Dunder Mifflin. I'm the top salesman there and I'm looking for a new challenge. I would say you guys have what, 40 high full volume clients?
Michael: Try 80.
Dwight: Pshaw, that's nothing. I've 90 clients myself. You had better look out, someone might run you out of business.
Prince Grandfather: I sure hope not.
Dwight: Me too. [smirking]
 
Jim: I think all of us have a tendency to view celebrities as sort of mythical figures, you know? We don't really see them as real so therefore we don't judge them as real people.
Kevin: Are you serious? Jim, just show us a picture.
Oscar: Kevin, c'mon.
Kelly: Yeah, shut up Kevin.
Kevin: He's making all these fancy, uh, it's a gut thing.
Jim: Kevin, you know what, why don't you close your eyes? Imagine that Hilary Swank comes into this office for real and she walks over to you [in a more and more seductive voice] and says Kevin Malone, I just read your online profile and there is nothing I would rather do then make out with you right now. And now you tell me something, is she hot? [Kevin gets up to join the "hot" team to their great joy] Does that end the debate? 
Kevin: [Kevin sits down, gets right back up and heads back to "not hot" team] No, it's is she hot, not would you do her. Respect the game.
Angela: Oh my God.
Jim : [fingers opened an inch] This close.
 
Prince: Grandfather: So why are you considering leaving Dunder Mifflin? 
Dwight: My boss, his insensitivity might border on cruel. This is a man who does not listen to the needs his underlings. [Michael takes offense and charges over]
Michael: Hey, hey, how is your interview going?
Dwight: It's going very well.
Michael: Don't blow it. Hey Linda, can I get a picture of you?
Linda: You want a picture of me?
Michael: I would, could you just stand over here? That would be great [positioning her towards sign of Prince Family Paper customers] Just a little something to remember the trip by. A little to your left [positions Linda to get better picture]
Linda: Can I get a copy of that?
Prince Granddaughter: Grandma, I can't do this.
Michael: What's going on? Little homework over here? Lets see if I can help. Huh, math, that's not so hard. Ok. There are 4 of these, ignore the parenthesis, right?
Prince Granddaughter: Right.
Michael: Why is this little 2 so small? It's, it's weird, you don't, you just go by the x. The x means times. 4 times x 2. What is double 4?
Prince Granddaughter: 8 
Michael: Excellent! Way to go! Nice! [Michael and granddaughter Prince exchange high fives]
Prince Grandmother: Don't put that. [granddaughter Prince erases and corrects answer]
 
Kevin: Ladies and gentlemen, even though the penis was fake, I was expecting a second plot twist where we found out Hilary Swank was a boy.
Pam: [disapprovingly] Kevin!
Angela: Ok, I wasn't going to dignify this discussion by getting involved, but I don't even get the discussion, hot is a temperature people. But Kevin deserves to lose for what he said, so, yes, she's hot, she's hot as heck, she's a female Boris Becker.
Jim: OH! [the "yes she's hot team" claps]
 
Michael: Oh, well thank you very much for all of your help. It's going to be an incredibly hard decision.
Prince Grandfather: Wait; let me get something for you. Here is some, some references. Here is a list of references, our top clients. You call any of them; I trust you will hear some good things.
Michael: I... Okay, okay, okay, [in disbelief] alright, thank you. [heads towards Dwight, makes make out lips signal]
Dwight: [both making make out lips at each other] Excuse me sir, I took the bus here and was wondering if I could catch a ride home with you in your car.
Michael: Of course. Thank you very much. Thanks for your time.
Dwight: Thank you very much. 
Michael: I cannot wait to contact your clients.
Dwight: Thank you for your time I look forward to getting your calls. [hurrying out door]
Prince Grandfather: Bye bye now. So long. 
Dwight and Michael: Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. [running out door] 
Michael: Haha, we struck the mother load!
Dwight: Cmon.
Michael: Wallace is going to freak.
Dwight: All their top clients I can't believe it.
Michael: He's going to absolutely freak.
Dwight: Someone's looking out the window. Go go, Peel out, go. [car hits front divider, screeching]
Michael: Oh shoot.
Dwight: You drove over that. Go back [car hits divider, screeching]
Michael: Oh God, what was that?
Dwight: That's not good.
 
Kelly: No, no, no no. Shes hot, okay? Because if you are saying Hillary Swank isn't hot, then you are saying that I am not hot. Because obviously I am not as hot as Hillary Swank! [Kelly runs away in tears]
 
Dwight: Oh my God.
Michael: Aw, it's alright.
Dwight: Oh man, 
Michael: Aw, my car. 
Dwight: Not good.
Prince Grandfather: Is everyone okay?
Prince Grandmother: It sounded bad.
Dwight: Yeah.
Michael: No no, we are fine. You have done enough already.
Dwight: You've done more then you can possibly know.
Michael: Just, shut up. You know we are just going to call a tow truck, so...
Prince Grandfather: A tow truck is going to charge you one hundred bucks to take you a mile. Let me take a look.
Michael: No, no, really not necessary.
Dwight: He drove over the divider and then backed over it and caused the..
Prince Grandfather: I'll be right back I'm just going to grab my tool box. 
 
Pam: Ladies, are we prepared to let the Kevins of the world decide anything for us? Anything at all? We don't even give him full internet access.
Kevin: [surprised] Wait, what?
 
Oscar: See that, the obvious symmetry of the face? That's a natural appeal of the scientific standard of coin aphelia, features that are a composite average of many features. Yes, she is attractive, but is not hot. 
 
Dwight: How much longer is this going to take?
Michael: You know let me give you some money for this. 
Prince Son: No, I work at a desk all day, its nice working with my hands.
Michael: Oh coffee, that's too much. [Dwight drinks it]
Dwight: This is disgusting, what is it this, instant?
Prince Grandfather: Well that outta do it. [bumper is heavily duct taped to the car]
Prince Granddaughter: Its all better.
Michael: Thank you.
Prince Grandfather: Gosh, well so long. [they exchange byes]
Dwight: I look forward to hearing from you about that job application.
Michael: Ok, goodbye Prince Family.
Dwight: Goodbye prince family, [to Michael] should be called the Sucker family. Here you go shark, let me fix your fin for you and sharpen your teeth while I'm at it. [Dwight laughs evilly, Michael seems remorseful] Bye bye.
 
Dwight: [punches Michael on the arm, beckons to Michael for high five, does not get it, high fives himself, smiles contently]
 
Jim: [entire office is chatting] I'm saying, all I'm saying is Kevin is not necessarily a feminist, is all I'm saying.
Pam: No, because... [Dwight and Michael walk in and march into Michael's office, silencing the conversation]
Michael: Dwight, what will happen to that family if I call David and give him this information?
Dwight: Its simple, David would use that information to destroy them.
Michael: Ok. You know, our sales are fine. We're doing fine. They're doing fine. 
Dwight: They could do better.
Michael: Why don't we just, live and let live?
Dwight: What? 
Michael: Live and let live.
Dwight: I'm not familiar with that expression,
Michael: It's from James Bond.
Dwight: It doesn't make sense, of course I'm alive.
Michael: I'm not going to make this call.
Dwight: Michael, you have to. Have you ever seen a lioness devour its cub? Have you ever seen a baboon devour its mate? Have you ever seen a raccoon devour a squirrel?
Michael: My heart says...
Dwight: Your heart is a wonderful thing, Michael. But it has made some terrible decisions.
Michael: That is true.
Dwight: Yes.
Michael: That is true. We have gone down the wrong path many many times.
Dwight: Yeah.
Michael: Jan... Ryan.
Dwight: Yeah, save your heart for love, and use your brain for business, right? If we don't do this to prince paper, someone else will. Worse yet, someone else will do it to us.
 
Stanley: I am trying to be more optimistic in life. I've got what, 20 or 30 years left. And my family history says I have less. Now, the old Stanley Hudson would have found something wrong this actress. But that is no way to live life. Look at this healthy sexy pretty strong young woman. C'mon people! She is hot. 
 
Dwight: There was a terrible war, ugh, so many died. Far too many died. But if Frodo hadn't destroyed the ring, then goodness itself might have died. 
Michael: You're right.
Dwight: Yeah.
Michael: You are right. I will call David and give him the customer list and I will give him all my info.
Dwight: Good, so, [Michael takes client list and heads out of office] where are you going?
Michael: Just something I have to do first.
Dwight: Where are you taking the client list?
Michael: Somewhere safe, where it can't hurt anyone [starts running, Dwight follows]
Dwight: Michael, Michael, no. Michael, give that. Michael, don't do this. No. [chasing Michael out of the office into parking lot] 
Michael: Oh shoot! [gets to his car turns around]
Dwight: Freeze, give me the list! [still chasing him back into office where Michael grabs his car keys from his desk and heads back to parking lot]
Dwight: No no no, I can't let you do this!
Michael: Those people will be ruined. [runs out back door]
Dwight: Its business, not personal. [they run back outside, where Dwight gets paper from Michael]
Michael: Give it, give it. We can't do this to those people. 
Dwight: Its over, Michael, its over. [holding list of clients up]
Michael: Im not a shark.
 
Andy: Okay, it is time for the final votes. All of those in favor of resolution Hillary Swank is hot? [half of office raises hand] Okay. And all those opposed? [he skips back and joins other half of office in raising hand]
Kevin: This is ridiculous. 
Oscar: That's the thing about debating, you're just going to get people more entrenched in the view they had in the first place. [two sides of the debate start arguing]
 
David: This is good stuff Michael. You are a titan of industry pal.
Michael: [pained] Mpfh. 
David: Good work.
Michael: Thank you.
David: Look I'll be in touch, thanks buddy.
Michael: Okay, bye bye. 
Dwight: Guess whose stock just went up, golden boy?
Michael: I guess this is what they call a bittersweet moment. It is bitter because I slightly destroyed a wonderful little family. But sweet because David Wallace thought I did a good job. That's what I hate bittersweet chocolate. I don't even... what's the point of that? Why not just sweet? Who are you helping? 
 
Michael: Oh, hey what is this? 
Pam: Hillary swank. 
Michael: Oh, she is hot. ["Hillary Swank is hot" supporters cheer]

Dwight: Last week I gave a fire safety talk. [clears throat] And nobody paid any attention. It's my own fault for using PowerPoint. PowerPoint is boring. People learn in a lot of different ways, but experience is the best teacher. [lights a cigarette] Today, smoking is gonna save lives. [throws cigarette into garbage can filled with paper and lighter fluid]
 
Dwight: [looking around office to see if anyone notices the smoke] Does anyone smell anything smoky? 
Angela: Did you bring your jerky in again?
Dwight: [clears throat]
Pam: [points to smoke] Oh, my God! Uh, Oh my God! 
Phyllis: What--
Andy: Whoa, fire!
Dwight: Oh, fire! Oh my goodness! What's the procedure? What do we do, people?
Pam: The phones are dead.
Dwight: Oh, how did that happen?
Kevin: It's out in the hall.
Dwight: No, we don't know that. The smoke could be coming through an air duct.
Michael: Oh my God! Okay, it happening. Everybody stay calm. 
Dwight: What's the procedure, everyone? What's the procedure?
Michael: Stay [bleep] calm!
Dwight: Wait, wait, wait.
Michael: Everyone, now [bleep] calm down!
Dwight: No! No, Michael! No! Touch the handle. If it's hot, there could be a fire in the hallway.
Michael: What does warm mean?
Everyone: [groaning] Oh my God.
Dwight: Not a viable option.
Pam: Try a different door.
Dwight: Okay, what's next?
Michael: Don't run.
Dwight: Oh! Here's a door. Check that one out. How's the handle?
Andy: It-- it's warm.
Dwight: Well, uh, another option. [everyone chattering at once] 
Jim: Back door.
Dwight: Back to our options. Jeez! Ok! settle down everyone. No bunching!
Phyllis: Oh! I forgot my purse.
Stanley: Leave it woman!
Michael: Get out of the way! Go, go, go!
Dwight: Things can be replaced, Phyllis! People, human lives, however, can... 
Oscar: Ah! My hand! That's hot!
Andy: Aah! This ones hot too!
Michael: Okay, we're trapped. Everyone for himself.
Dwight: Okay, let's go. 
Everyone: [shouting] Out of my way! Let's go. Get out of my way!
Dwight: Calm, please
Andy: Get out of the way!
Dwight: Have you ever seen a burn victim?
Andy: Move it!
Dwight: Okay! Procedure, procedure. Exit options. Where do we go folks? Wha-- Use a what to cover the mouth? 
Angela: [pulling cat out of filing drawer] It's okay. Shh shhh.
Dwight: A what? A rag. A damp rag, perhaps. Let's remember those procedures. What are the options? Okay, that's the wrong way. We've already tried that. Remember your exit points. Exit points people.
Angela: Oscar.
Dwight: What's next? 
Angela: Oscar!
Oscar: Stay alive! I'm getting help!
Angela: Pull me up!
Oscar: You're too heavy!
Angela: I only weigh 82 pounds! Uh-- save Bandit! [throws cat into air duct and he falls out through the other side] Oh!
Dwight: How about 911? Anyone? 911. [Michael throws a chair at the window, Kevin smashes a chair through the vending machine and begins to grab snacks, everyone is shouting.]
Pam: What do we do? 
Dwight: Use the surge of fear and adrenaline to sharpen your decision-making.
Jim: Okay, I am not dying here. Come on. [everyone is coughing from the smoke, Dwight lights some fire crackers and they start popping]
Angela: What is that? What is that?
Andy: The fire's shooting at us!
Phyllis: What in the name of God is going on?!
Andy: Yes! [Dwight pulls fire alarm] Yes, ba-- Yes, battering ram! Battering ram!
Phyllis and Creed: Ahhhh!!! [Oscar's leg crashes through the ceiling]
Andy: Go, go, go, go, go!! [Andy and Jim ram the door with the copy machine]
Michael: [throws the projector out the window] Help!! Help!!
Stanley: I'm about to die!
Dwight: [blowing air horn] Attention everyone! Employees of Dunder Mifflin! This has been a test of our emergency preparedness. There is no fire. It was only a simulation.
Jim: What?!
Dwight: Fire not real. This was merely a training exercise. [Oscar drops down from the ceiling] So, what have we learned? [Stanley falls to the floor] Oh come on. It's not real Stanley. Don't have a heart attack.
Michael: No, no, no! You will not die! Stanley! Stanley! You will not die! Stanley! Stanley! Barack is president! You are black, Stanley! I'm gonna give him mouth to mouth.
Jim: No, no, no! Don't give him mouth to mouth for this! 
Michael: He's going to swallow is tongue. 
Jim: No. Michael. Michael.
Michael: Open your mouth. Come on. Don't swallow it.
Jim: [everyone shouting at once] Michael! Michael!
Michael: Leave me al--
Andy: You're choking him! 
Michael: Saving him!
 
David Wallace: How could you possibly think this is a good idea?
Dwight: A lot of ideas were not appreciated in their time.
Michael: Electricity.
Dwight: Shampoo.
David Wallace: You could have burned down the whole building.
Dwight: I just want to say for the record, I did not kill anyone. Stanley was attacked by his own heart. And he should be released from the hospital and back in the office in a couple days. 
Lawyer: Did you shout, "Fire!", causing a panic?
Dwight: Yes I shouted "fire!". I shouted many things! I also shouted instructions on how to get out of the building, so you can imagine my frustration as safety officer when nobody would heed of what-- heeded--
Michael: Hed. Hedded
Dwight: When no one hedded-- 
Michael: Take hedded of.
Dwight: N-no one would take hedded of my instructions.
Michael: Heed. Heed.
Dwight: So, you--
Michael: Take heed of. 
Dwight: And, well, I don't see my co-workers--
Michael: Take heed of.
Dwight: Hee-heeding this right now.
Lawyer: Wh--what?
Michael: Okay. [walks to the window, sighs] This city. Dwight. We are not mad, we are just disappointed. 
David Wallace: No, we are mad. 
Michael: Yes. We are. We are livid. But we are going to let this one slide.
David Wallace: No, we're not. 
Michael: I am not a mind reader, David. 
David: Look, this is very serious offense. We have cause to fire you.
Michel: Can you shove down? Instead... shove down, please. Instead, what I think we should do is strip of your title as safety officer. 
Dwight: No.
Michael: And we should take a part of his pay and donate it the charity of your choice. Something that Dwight doesn't like. 
Dwight: PETA.
David Wallace: Michael, you have to take responsibility here. One of your employees had a heart attack. He could have died, because of the way that you are allowing your office to run. Do you want that on your conscious?
Michael: Do you?
David Wallace: Michael?
Michael: You talking to me?
David Wallace: Yeah.
Michael: What?
 
Dwight: Well... I guess we papered over that pretty nicely. [chuckles] It always amuses me when corporate thinks they can make some big change with a twenty minute meeting in some fancy high-rise. What's the matter? You hungry?
Michael: [sighs] No, Dwight. I am worried. A man's life is in my hands.
Dwight: Don't you worry about that. I got it covered. Okay?
Michael: Yeah.
Dwight: I am planning a bomb scare that should really get the blood pumping. 
Michael: That's not gonna happen. I'm taking over as safety man.
Dwight: What? You?
Michael: Yes. 
Dwight: Come on.
Michael: I'm a smart guy. I'll figure it out.
Dwight: That's preposterous.
Michael: No, I will.
 
Michael: Nobody should have to go to work thinking, "Oh, this is the place that I might die today." That's what a hospital is for. An office is for not dying. An office is a place to live life to the fullest, to the max, to... An office is a place where dreams come true. 
 
Michael: Shhh! Don't excite him. Don't make him excitable. [whispering] Welcome back, Stanley. 
Stanley: Thank you, Michael.
 
Stanley: It's true. Around this office, in the past, I have been a little abrupt with people... 
 
Stanley: [flashback] Not maybe. Yes or no. 
Stanley: [flashback] No way. Uh-uh. 
Stanley: [flashback] Are you from another planet?
Stanley: [flashback] Boy, have you lost your mind? 'Cause I'll help you find it.
Stanley: [flashback] Did I stutter?
Stanley: [flashback] I'm done. Goodbye.
 
Stanley: But the doctor said if I can't find a new way to relate more positively to my surroundings I'm going to die.
 
Michael: Andy.
Andy: [in a British accent] A throne for your highness. 
Stanley: I'm not sitting in a wheelchair. 
Michael: No, no, no. No debate. You are going to sit in that wheelchair until you are back on your feet.
 
Stanley: I'm going to die.
 
CPR trainer: A-B-C. Okay? And hat stands for... airway, breathing and circulation. 
Michael: Okay, you know what? That could be a little confusing, because in sales A-B-C means "always be closing."
Dwight: This is a farce. I should be teaching this course.
Michael: Shut it. Shut it.
 
Michael: We found ourselves on the less prepared side of things when Stanley had his... when his heart went berserk. And I knew exactly what to do, but in a much more real sense I had no idea what to do. So I thought we should have CPR training class and of course you can't get the practice dummy unless the instructor comes along with it. Red Cross, you know, racket. 
 
Kevin: [giving chest compressions to the practice dummy] I can't keep doing this forever.
CPR Trainer: It's been 20 seconds.
Kevin: Call it. 
CPR Trainer: Would you like to try next?
Dwight: Absolutely I would not.
Michael: You know who I really think should go? Stanley.
Stanley: Oh, I don't know.
Phyllis: That's not a good idea, Michael.
Michael: Come on.
Phyllis: He needs to rest.
Michael: No rest for the sick. We are not always going to be there to coddle your heart back when it disappears to be working. What are you gonna do if you're by yourself and your heart stops?
Stanley: I would die.
Michael: And you're okay with that?
Stanley: I'm okay with the logic of it.
Michael: Uh-uh. No, no, no. Come on. Get up. Let's do this. 
 
Stanley: Yes. I had a heart attack. I would quit, but I'm too old to find another job and I don't have enough saved to retire. I feel like I'm working in my own casket.
 
Michael: Come on Stanley. You're losing you. You're losing you. Do it!
Angela: Michael!
Michael: This is you we're talking about.
Angela: Michael.
Michael: Okay, okay. I'll show them. Here we go. [whispers] Stanley. All right. 
CPR Trainer: So, assessing the situation. Are they breathing? 
Michael: No, Rose. They are not breathing. And they have no arms or legs. 
Rose: No, that's not part of it.
Michael: Where are they? You know what? If we come across somebody with no arms or legs do we bother resuscitating them? I mean, what kind of quality of life do we have there?
Kevin: I would want to live with no legs. 
Michael: How about no arms? No arms or legs is basically how you exist right now, Kevin. You don't do anything.
Rose: All right, well, lets get back to it. 'Cause you're losing him. Okay, too fast. Everyone, we need to pump at a pace of a 100 beats per minute . 
Michael: okay, that's uh, hard to keep track. How many is that per hour?
Jim: How's that gonna help you?
Michael: I will divide and then count to it.
Jim: Right.
Rose: Okay. Well, a good trick is to pump to the tune of 'Staying Alive' by the Bee Gees. Do you know that song?
Michael: Yes, yes I do. I love that song. [clears throat, begins to sing] First I was afraid, I was petrified.
Rose: No, it's--Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive.
Michael: Okay, I got it.
Creed: [to Rose] You were in the parking lot earlier. That's how I know you. 
Michael: Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive [Andy joins in] Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, stayin' alive, stayin' alive.
Michael: Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah... 
Andy: Oh you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man, no time to talk. Music loud, women warm, been kicked around since I was born. Oh, it's alright, it's okay, [Michael and Kelly join in] you can look the other way. Loo do do! 
Rose: Okay! 
Andy: Da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Rose: Okay! 
Everyone: [muttering] Stayin' alive, stayin' alive.
Rose: Yeah, okay. You didn't maintain 100 beats per minute, and the ambulance didn't arrive because nobody called 911. So you lost him.
Dwight: Okay, he's dead. Anyone know what we do next? Anybody? Rose? 
Rose: I have no idea.
Dwight: Anyone else?
Phyllis: We bury him?
Dwight: Wrong. Ehh. Check for an organ donor card. If he has one, we only have minutes to harvest. 
Creed: He has no wallet, I checked. 
Michael: He is an organ donor.
Dwight: He is.
Michael: Yeah.
Dwight: Get me some ice and a styrofoam bucket. [pulls out knife from holder that is attached to his leg] Here we go.
Angela: Oh my God! Dwight!
Kelly: Dwight!
Angela: What are you-- [people are yelling] What are you doing?
Dwight: We search for the organs. Where's the heart? The precious heart.
Stanley: I'm not feeling well. I need to sit down. 
Michael: Hey, Stanley. 
Andy: Stanley. 
Michael: Are you okay?
Angela: Oh my God! [Dwight has cut the face off the CPR dummy and put it over his own]
Stanley: Oh my God!
Angela: Dwight!
Dwight: Clarice?
Stanley: Oh my God!
 
David Wallace: Could you tell me why you had to cut the face off the dummy?
Dwight: I didn't think it was very realistic in the movie and it turns out, it's pretty realistic.
David Wallace: We had to pay for it. Cost us thirty five hundred dollars. 
Michael: Five thousand three hundred dollars for a dummy?
Dwight: Wow.
Michael: Okay, look. David, this is why we have training. We start with the dummy, and we learn from our mistakes. And now Dwight knows not to cut the face off of a real person. 
 
Andy: Hope you brought your appetitos. My lady. My tuna. A little movie popcorn. [dumps popcorn in bowl, it's almost all seeds] Uh, damn it. This movie, a lot of buzz. Not coming out for another six months. Mrs. Albert Hannaday. So, friendship with the Nard-dog has its privileges.
 
Pam: We don't normally download films illegally. Because we're honest, hardworking people. 
Jim: And we don't know how.
Pam: But Andy does, so we have to watch it with him.
Jim: Punishment fits the crime.
 
Jessica Alba: [movie] I want you to meet my nana. Nana... 
Lily: Mmmhmm... 
Jessica Alba: This is Sam. 
Sam: Hi. Nice to meet you Mrs. Hannaday.
Lily: Please-- Call me Lily. [light chuckle] Let's play Bridge. You can be my partner.
Sam: Alright... Lily. 
 
Jim: [after Pam checks her cell phone] What's going on?
 
Jim: Uh, no one really knows, but Pam's parents are going through a little bit of a rough patch in their marriage.
 
Pam: My dad spent the night at our place last night. My parents have been fighting for weeks and... it kinda sucks. Jim's been great. But I'm gonna need to buy my dad a robe. 
 
Pam: He's not saying what he needs to say. 
Andy: Hmm? Who? Sam?
Pam: Yeah.
Jim: I mean, they just need to communicate, you know? If they said to each other what they're saying to everyone else, then--
Andy: Hmm.
 
Andy: Jim and Pam are, like, movie geniuses. They're catching things that are totally going over my head. 
 
Michael: Hi, everyone. Corporate has given Dwight two strikes. They are very, very upset with him. So, as a disciplinary measure he is going to have to issue a formal apology. Dwight, have you prepared your statement of regret? 
Dwight: I have.
Michael: Let's hear it.
Dwight: [clears throat] "I state my regret."
Jim: You couldn't of memorized that?
Dwight: I could not, because I do not feel it. Okay, everyone. I am going to need you to sign this statement of regret as an acknowledgement that you heard it. Okay? Everyone come on up here. It's not a big deal.
Phyllis: It is a big deal. You almost killed Stanley.
Dwight: Yeah, right. I filled him full of butter and sugar for 50 years and forced him not to exercise. Now, take a lesson from Stanley and jog on up here and sign this, okay? Make a line. Just form a line right here. Sign it! Sign it now!
 
Pam: Hi dad. Yeah Jim has shaving cream, check our bathroom.
 
Lily: [movie] I'm in here.
Sam: I uh, I'm sorry I didn't uh, realize you were in a bath. Do you want me to go?
Lily: I want you to stay.
 
Jim: Gimme a break.
Andy: I know it man. You know, Lilly was supposed to be Nicole Kidman, um and it was gonna be Sophie's mom, not grandmother. But then Nicole kidman dropped out so they went with Lily, with a small rewrite.
 
Sam: [movie] Get that in there. Oh yeah.
Lily: Get that done already.
Sam: I know but if I get it in deeper...
 
Jim: [to Pam] Can you believe this? [pause] He was pretty talkative at breakfast.
Andy: Yeah... but... eh... breakfast? You mean when they were eating soup? I don't think that was breakfast. Unless soup, does soup symbolize breakfast?
Pam: So he doesn't share it with his daughter but he shares it with his daughter's fiance?
Andy: You guys, they're making out.
 
Pam: Hey.
Jim: Hey.
Pam: Um, did my dad say anything about my mom?
Jim: Mmm... nope, we mostly just talked about cereal.
Pam: [sighs]
Jim: What?
Pam: I dunno. I mean, maybe he'll talk to you about some of this stuff 'cause he can't really talk to me about it.
Jim: Mmm... 
Pam: You're good to talk to.
Jim: [laughs] I'm ok, I'm not, great, and um... [nods]
 
Michael: [in a monk-impression tone] Ohmmm... Ohmmm... Everybody sit on the floor Indian style like me. [Meredtih sits Indian style in a dress exposing herself right in front of Michael] Ohmmm my God if you're wearing a dress please keep your knees together nobody wants to see that ohmmm... ohmmm... 
 
Michael: My goal is to make this office as peaceful a place for Stanley Hudson as I can. I think sounds have a lot to do with that. Here are some downloaded peaceful sounds. [a couple of sounds play on the computer] That one makes me think... of death. It's kinda nice... 
 
Michael: [everyone is lying on the floor in the conference room with the light off, Michael is walking around with a candle in his hand] It is a beautiful, sunny day as we walk through the meadow that is very spiritual and relaxing and there are flowers and it is sunny and beautiful. Now, up ahead, a castle, in a distance.
Jim: Don't open your eyes.
Pam: What? [opens her eyes, Michael is standing over her] Oh... 
Michael: And you walk up toward the castle, and inside the castle are 4 men, and each of them, none of them have shoes, and they give you a funny cigarette, and you feel even more relaxed, and then you want ice cream. You want a big bowl of ice cream. What kind do you want? Shout it out.
Meredith: Chunky monkey.
Michael: Too expensive.
Stanley: Chocolate.
Michael: Racism is dead Stanley, you can have any kind of ice cream you want. What do you want? [beeping starts] What is that? People! Please I told you to get rid of the cell phones.
Stanley: It's my bio-feedback machine..
Michael: Oh, ok. What is that, like, a video game?
Stanley: It alerts me when my stress level goes up so I can try to calm down.
Michael: You have stress?
Stanley: Yes... 
Michael: During our relaxation exercise?
Phyllis: Let me get you some water.
Michael: No no, I'll help you. I'll help you up. Here we go.
Stanley: No, Michael, No. [beeping speeds up]
Michael: Let me getcha.
Stanley: Would ya, would ya step back please
Michael: Ok, alright.
Stanley: Please. A little further.
Michael: Ok. [beeping slows down]
Stanley: That's better. [Michael walks back towards Stanley and the beeping goes up again]
Michael: Ok... I think that thing is on the fritz. Ahh... Oscar, would you reach over and touch his thing? That's what HE said! Right guys, 'cause of gay? [Oscar has Stanley's monitor now] Let's give this a shot.
Michael: Hellloo... [beeping speeds up as Michael gets closer]
Kevin: Michael, I think you're what's stressing everybody out.
 
Michael: So... it wasn't Dwight after all. Looks like I am the killer. You never expect that you're the killer... it's uh... great twist. Great twist.
 
Pam: Dunder Mifflin this is Pam. Oh, hey Mom. No, what did Dad say?
 
Pam: What did you say to my dad?
Jim: What?
Pam: After you talked, he called my mom and said he was gonna look for an apartment.
Jim: Oh my God. Pam, I don't know, I, nothing, truly, nothing. I mean, I, I just was honest with him and I, I'm so sorry, I don't know. I'll call him again. [Pam rolls her eyes and walks away]
 
Jim: Fifty percent of marriages end in divorce, so... it was her parents or my parents... 
 
Pam: What could Jim have said to make my dad want to leave my mom? And at what point in our marriage is he gonna say it to me?
 
Michael: I don't get it. Do I stress you out?
Dwight: Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors.
Michael: Oh... 
Dwight: Speaking of which... [hands Michael the paper to sign for Dwight's formal apology]
Michael: Remember when people used to say boss, when they were describing something that was really cool like, those shoulder pads are really boss man... Look at that perm, that perm is so boss. It's what made me want to become a boss. And I looked so good in a perm and shoulder pads. But now, boss is just slang for jerk in charge. 
 
Michael: Ok everybody, I've figured it out. The reason that you are all so stressed around me is that you are too intimidated to tell me what you really think. [Jim shakes his head at the camera] You are keeping these feelings inside, and that is what's causing stress. So, what is the solution? Solution is honesty, laughter, and comedy. In short... 
Kelly: A vacation.
Michael: What? No. No, I am talking about a roast! Of Michael Scott! Oh c'mon! Who here has the Comedy Central Roast channel? You've seen it right? Everybody gets together, and everyone starts hurling insults at the one guy, and everybody's laughing, and everybody's hugging each other... 
Oscar: Michael are you serious? You really want us to roast you?
Michael: Si senor.
Oscar: That's offensive.
Michael: It's not! It's not offensive during a roast! Anything goes! I want you guys to really get crackin on this. I want you to take me down. Don't hold back. I want you to really make fun of anything about me. It could be my race, could be the fact that I'm so fit, or I'm a womanizer... fair game. Whatever. I don't want to write your stuff for you, but I just want it to be good.
 
Kevin: [giggling] Oh my GOD... Oh man... Ohhhhh my God...
 
Oscar: I consider myself a good person. But I'm gonna try to make him cry.
 
Michael: I can already feel people's stress starting to melt. I think they're very excited about paying their respects this way. I have got to make sure that YouTube comes down to tape this.
 
Dwight: May I have your attention please? Sign in, sign in on the sign in sheet, the clipboard. This meeting is mandatory, if you do not sign in your name will not be counted. Thank you.
Phyllis: Hey, this is your apology letter.
Dwight: That was the last signature I needed.
Michael: Whoo!! Welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. You are all jerks. Just kidding, not yet anyway. Welcome to the roast of Mr. Michael Scott. If you're here for the Grabowski wedding, it is the second door on the left. [Creed looks around] So, we all know how these work, needs to get crazy, take your best shot. I am going to sit right here on my chair and... ah... whoever wants to come up and roast me, you may. [Angela jumps up] Ok... lower the mic for the midget.
Angela: If you ever wondered if you were Michael Scott, here's a quiz to help. If you ever put sunblock on a window, you might be Michael Scott. [laughter]
 
Angela: I normally don't enjoy making people laugh. [grin]
 
Angela: If you ever called the fire department 'cause your head was stuck in your chair you might be...
Group: Michael Scott! [laughter]
Michael: Hey Hey, I don't go make burgers where you work and then tell you how to make burgers. Ha ha!
 
Kelly: I have made a list of people that I would make out with before I would make out with Michael Scott. A turtle, a fridge, anybody from the warehouse, a woodchipper, Kevin, a candle, and Lord Voldemort. Anyway, Happy Birthday Michael.
Michael: You're so lucky! Good one... [clapping]
 
Meredith: Michael? You ran over me with your car. You posted a picture of my bare boobs on the bulletin board with a caption that said "Gross"... 
Michael: Well... 
Meredith: Michael, you are the reason I drink. You are the reason I live to forget.
Michael: Pow pow pow... [hands making gunshot impression, sporadic clapping]
 
Oscar: [yelling at Michael in Spanish]
 
Michael: [Toby tries to come on stage] NO! No, friends only. Friends ONLY. [Toby shrugs and sits back down]
 
Jim: Several times a day, Michael says words that are way beyond my vocabulary.
Michael: I know where this is goin'.
Jim: Do ya? 
Michael: No... 
Jim: Ok. Remember Spider face?
Michael: No.
Jim: OK. 'Cause the quote was, cut off your nose to spiderface.
Michael: Spite her - ok [laughter] 
Jim: Yeah... yep.
 
Dwight: How dare you all attack him like this. 
Michael: Oh, stop it Dwight.
Dwight: Michael is your superior.
Michael: No no no no no no!
Dwight: Okay, you should be bowing down in front of him.
Michael: Dwight your'e supposed to do it this way.
Dwight: Ok, no, they don't understand who they have...
Michael: That is the way you're supposed to do it, idiot.
Dwight: You're interrupting me. I'm trying to get your back.
Michael: Idiot. Idiot! Idiot. Idiot.
Dwight: Are you calling me an idiot?
Michael: Idiot. 
Dwight: Don't you ever talk to me that way. You pathetic, short little man. You don't have any friends, or any family, or any land. [clapping and whooing]
 
Pam: Well I just want to take a minute to talk to you all about something very serious. Once every hour, someone is involved in an internet scam. That man is Michael Scott. [laughter] He's supporting about 20 Nigerian princesses.
Michael: Hey, ya know what? Forgive me for caring. Right?
Pam: Well, ya know, Michael is a great delegator. He never does any work himself. Ever. And one time, I walked in on him naked, and his thing is so small. [quickly walks off stage] If it were an iPod it would be a shuffle! [clapping, laughter]
Michael: Can I make just a little announcement. In a professional roast, usually the roaster will say something nice about the roastee after they're done, something about how much they love them, so, just, keep that in mind.
 
Darryl: Mike claims, we're all a family isn't that right?
Michael: We are, we are a family. 
Darryl: Ok, so um, what's his name? All the way in the back there.
Michael: Oh very funny.
Darryl: What's his name?
Michael: Uhh... hehe hah! I'm thinking Roy?
Darryl: Roy left years ago. What's his name?
Michael: I don't believe I have had the pleasure.
Warehouse Michael: Michael I gave you a ride home last week, we spent an hour in traffic... 
Darryl: What's his name?
Michael: Jefferson.
Darryl: Nope. His name is Michael. [Michael makes the da dum ksch on the drumset again]
 
Andy: [singing and playing the guitar] What I hate about you, you really suck as a boss, you're the laziest, jerkiest and you're dumber than applesauce. We're stuck listening to you all day, Stanley tried to die just to get away, heeey, well it's true. That's what I hate about you. That's what I hate about you. Yeah. And now, a man that deserves no introduction, Michael Scott.
Michael: Haha ha. Thank you very much, thank you. That was great. Great job, great laughs. Really, really went after my intelligence there. [clears throat] Dozens of online IQ test might prove you wrong, but, and my thing isn't tiny, its average, so... get your facts straight. [clears throat again] So when I heard that there was going to be a roast in my honor, I thought [choking up, clears throat again] sorry. [laughs nervously] I think I have a frog in my throat. Um... [sigh] I decided to jot down some quick thoughts about you people, um, first up Phyllis and Kevin. Uh um... [Michael walks off stage, knocking over the snare drum]
 
Pam: Dunder Mifflin this is Pam. Uh, I'm sorry, Michael's not here right now can I take a message? Great. I will. Thanks.
 
Dwight: It's very unusual for Michael not to show up to work. My guess? He's either deeply depressed, or an icicle has snapped off his roof and impaled his brain. He has this terrible habit of standing directly underneath them and staring up at them. And I always say Michael, take two steps back, and stare at the icicle from the side. And he's like no, I like the way they look from standing directly underneath them.
 
Kevin: [in the lunch room, with a sock puppet] He is so dumb that he tries to put his M&Ms in alphabetical order. [giggles]
Oscar: Alright Kevin. Enough with the Michael jokes. I think he got it bad enough yesterday.
Kevin: I'm almost done.
Oscar: That reeks, and I'm trying to eat.
Dwight: Attention everyone I just got a text from Michael. He says personnel day. Are we hiring?
Jim: Yep. You're being replaced.
Pam: I think he meant personal day.
Dwight: Oh, that's quite a leap Pam.
Phyllis: I hope he's ok, I feel bad.
Creed: Give it up, he's dead.
Jim: He just sent a text... 
Creed: What's a text?
 
Michael: [at a park throwing whole pieces of bread] Caw... caw... caw caw... caw... 
 
Michael: You know sometimes, to get perspective, I like to think about a spaceman on a star incredibly far away. And, our problems don't matter to him, because we're just a distant point of light. But he feels sorry for me, because he has an incredibly powerful microscope, and he can see my face. [looks towards the sky] I'm okay. No, I'm not.
 
Pam: Phyllis there's a package for you.
Phyllis: Oh, ok. [Phyllis signs for the package, opens an empty box]
Dwight: [after snatching the clipboard with her signature] Got it.
 
Lily: [movie] Sam, Sam Sam. It's not that you dumped my granddaughter, and its not that you want children. It, it's that you lied to me. Can't you see that? Can't you see? Oh, I can never trust you. [Andy looks like he's going to cry]
Sam: Lilly no. Lilly! Lilly please! Lilly STOP! I don't care how much time we have left. I don't care what my friends say! And I don't care what your mom thinks! Frankly I'm pretty sure she's not makin any sense. Please. Move back to my apartment. [Andy's crying, "I'm All Out of Love" starts playing] Lilly. I'm not giving up. I'm not giving up. Lilly... Lilly! Push the reverse button! Reverse the button!
Andy: [through tears] Sam! Sam!
 
Pam: Hey Dad. No I know, Mom told me. Ok. Yeah I'll see ya then.
 
Jim: So what did he say? Was it my fault?
Pam: Yeah. He said that you told him how much you love me. About how you feel when I walk in a room, and about how, you've never doubted for a second that I'm the woman you want to spend the rest of your life with. I guess he's never felt that with my mom, even at their best.
Jim: You ok?
Pam: Yeah. [they hug]
 
Pam: When you're a kid you assume your parents are soul mates. My kids are gonna be right about that. I guess it also means that sometimes love affairs look different to the people inside them. [Andy is in the background, looks incredulous]
 
Andy: I am not insightful enough to be a movie critic. Mm... maybe I could be a food critic. These muffins taste bad. Hmm, or an art critic. That painting is bad. 
 
Pam: Michael! It's really good to see you.
Dwight: Hey. Why are you wearing a turtleneck?
Jim: Are you alright?
Oscar: Michael, I feel like I was a little harsh yesterday. [murmurs of agreement]
Michael: I um, I spent the afternoon in the park trying to feed the pigeons, I guess they all flew west for the winter, and I, I just had some thoughts that I wanted to share with you people.
Pam: What?
Michael: Well I wrote them down so I wouldn't forget. Jim, you're 6'11 and you weigh 90 pounds, Gumby has a better body than you. Boom. Roasted. Dwight, you're a kiss ass. Boom. Roasted. Pam, you failed art school. Boom. Roasted. Meredith, you've slept with so many guys you're starting to look like one. Boom. Roasted. Kevin, I can't decide between a fat joke and a dumb joke. Boom. Roasted. Creed, you're teeth called, your breath stinks. Boom. Roasted. Angela where's Angela? [Angela raises her hand] Whoa there you are, I didn't see you there behind that grain of rice. Boom. Roasted. Stanley, you crush your wife during sex and your heart sucks. Boom. Roasted. Oscar, you are... [Stanley is laughing] Oscar, you're gay.
Oscar: Wow.
Michael: Andy, Cornell called, they think you suck. And you're gayer than Oscar. Boom. Roasted. [Stanley is still laughing] Alright. Alright everybody, you know I kid, you know I kid. You guys are the reason I went into the paper business, so, uh, goodnight, God bless, God bless America, and get home safe. [clapping and murmurs of appreciation]
 
Michael: They say that laughter is the best medicine so Stanley, you can throw away those pills. You are cured. Actually, you should... better hold onto them pills, just in case.

Michael: [breathing heavy over intercom, starts laughing]
 
Jim: This morning the phone guy comes in, and he shows Michael that the phones have a PA function. And then he just left.
Michael: [over PA] This is your captain speaking, the office will be flying at an altitude of two stories. Look out your left hand window and you will see Vance Refrigeration. [snickering] I am the ghost of salesman past, do not come near me. [wheezing laughing, starts coughing] Yes Michael Scott for Dr. Jocelyn, please. Hello doctor I was just following up on my mole again. No, I was looking online about sebaceous cysts. I have not been squeezing it.
Jim: [disgusted groan]
Michael: Could I stick it with a pin?
Pam: Ugh.
Michael: [still talking over PA] Toby Flenderson to the principal's office. Your mother called, and it appears that you wet the bed again. So you have to get home to wash your sheets [Jim stands up, puts scissors in back pocket] because they are yellow and they're wet with your urine.
Jim: [sighs and knocks on Michaels door]
Michael: You, and at six foot six, from the University of North Carolina, Jiiiiim Halpeeeeert.
Jim: That's pretty funny. Hey you know what? Did I drop my, uh...
Michael: What?
Jim: What the heck? Is that, uh... [bends down, cuts phone cords with scissors]
Michael: You find it?
Jim: I didn't, I'll look somewhere else.
Michael: All right.
Jim: All right.
Michael: Would you like fries with that? Please drive around.
 
Michael: [knocks on Pam's hotel door] Hello, good morning.
Pam: Good morning.
Michael: You ready? And we're off, like a herd of turtles.
 
Michael: Well, Pam and I have eloped. Actually we just robbed a bank, and we are on the lam. [laughs] No, uh, seriously, I am on a lecture circuit. Apparently Scranton has the best sales of any regional branch. So David Wallace has asked me to go to all the branches, except Nashua, still a little bit raw there. Um, but I am going to these branches and sharing my secret recipe for success. My 11 business herbs and spices, in a sales batter. [looks at Pam] Oh that, well, that is Pam. Pam is coming along as my assistant and my driver so I can focus. And I like to pack heavy.
Pam: He brought a sled.
Michael: No! That is a toboggan, you never know when you're gonna find a snowy hill so... Every magician has a hot assistant, and every rock star has a roadie, and Pam is my hot roadie.
Pam: Yeah. I love being on the road, but I especially love the time and a half pay 24 hours a day, for three days. Cause I have a mortgage now, got a bring home the bucks.
Michael: Yeah, oh don't say bucks, it's not lady like. Here we go! [gets in backseat] Okay so what we do is drive all day and we stay in hotels together at night.
Pam: Separate rooms.
Michael: Well that goes without saying.
Pam: I'm going to say it anyway.
Michael: Hey! Look at what you're wearing again, Pam. Have you ever seen a magician's assistant? That's...
Pam: This is a new cardigan.
Michael: ...kind of [retches] Maybe you could tie it around your waist or lose the shirt underneath or something.
Pam: No.
Michael: No. Oh, all right.
 
Jim: [front door slams, Kelly walks by] Hey, Kelly.
Kelly: Screw you.
Dwight: Excuse me, that is no way to address a superior.
Kelly: Oh yeah? Screw you too.
Jim: Whoa! What was that all about.
Phyllis: You forgot her birthday, it was yesterday.
 
Jim: [Jim and Dwight sitting next to each other in talking head interview] Go ahead.
Dwight: Go ahead, you do it.
Jim: Okay.
Dwight: I insist.
Jim: Basically after Phyllis blackmailed Angela, Michael asked them to both step down from the party planning committee cause there was too much drama.
Dwight: What he said was... [puts finger toward Jim's face]
Jim: [pushes Dwight's finger away] Just, easy.
Dwight: ...there was a problem with having one head of the party planning committee. She becomes too powerful, so he appointed two heads.
Jim: Party planning is literally the stupidest thing I have ever done in my life.
Dwight: [at the same time as Jim] I am a paper salesman, this is humiliating. [shoves Jim's arm away] That's on my side.
Jim: So this is fun.
 
Kelly: My birthday was yesterday, and everybody forgot. I got really dressed up and excited, and no one said a word. There wasn't even a party. I think sometimes people are really mean to the hot, popular girl.
 
Pam: Can I turn on the radio?
Michael: No. I need silence or Sam Kinison to prepare.
Pam: But then you fall asleep and there's nothing for me to do.
Michael: Then listen to your iPod, Pam.
Pam: That's dangerous.
Michael: Well then... hey you know what then let's just talk.
Pam: That's okay I can... I'm fine. I'll just play a song in my head.
Michael: You nervous about seeing Karen again, since she was the other woman? Actually you were the other woman so...
Pam: No, that was a long time ago.
Michael: Is that why your wearing makeup today?
Pam: No, I'm not even wearing that much.
 
Pam: I hate the idea that someone out there hates me. I even hate thinking that Al-Qaeda hates me. I think if they got to know me, they wouldn't hate me. But Karen knows me, and she still hates me, so...
 
Julia: Oh, this is a nice office.
Stanley: [laughs] You don't have to lie. Through here.
Andy: Um Phyllis, who's that?
Phyllis: She's out of your league Andy.
Andy: For your information, I have been with lots of beautiful women.
Phyllis: Sexually?
Andy: This conversation is over.
 
Andy: I am single now. What we have here, is the ultimate smackdown between the Nard-Dog and crippling despair, loneliness, and depression. I intend to win.
 
Jim: We just wanted to say we are very sorry.
Kelly: Screw you guys. You're dead to me.
Dwight: If you say screw you one more time...
Kelly: Yeah, screw you, beefer, I don't forget your birthday, I would never do that.
Dwight: Hey, HEY.
Jim: [while Dwight and Kelly are arguing] Guys guys guys guys guys guys. We just want to make it up to you. What can we do?
Kelly: I guess my only wish, would be that nothing so terrible would ever happen to anyone else ever again.
Dwight: Oh God.
Jim: Okay.
Kelly: In a way, it's good that it happened to me, because at least I can bear it.
Dwight: What kind of cake do you want imbecile.
Kelly: Ice Cream.
 
Pam: [taking Michael's picture] Okay, uh, point at the Dunder Mifflin.
 
Michael: Hello, Rolando, how are you?
Rolando: Hi.
Michael: Rolando, [clears throat] I'd like you to meet Pam. She is our receptionist. You know what? Maybe you guys could go out on a little friend date sometime.
Rolando: [sarcastically chuckles] Uh, your late, everyone's already in the conference room. Karen will be right here to take you over.
Michael: Okay, don't be nervous, just picture her naked.
Pam: Stop it, please.
Michael: That's what I do, steal my trick.
Pam: Please cut it out.
Karen: Hey. Hi, guys. 
Michael: [notices Karen's pregnant] Oh my God. Is that Jim's?
Karen: What!
Pam: Michael!
Karen: Of course not!
Michael: Okay. Wow. Oh man! My head just exploded. Whoo! Thank God, for everybody right? Whoo kay. Wow, you're huge! That's incredible! I... God sorry, sorry my head is... I'm just, I'm trying to figure out the last time that you and Jim had sex, and...
Karen: Let's just get this over with, shall we?
Michael: Okay, Mm Hmm. Ten, ten months?
 
Jim: [partially blown up balloons on table and hanging from streamers] Are you kidding?
Dwight: Well, I'm not done yet.
Jim: Dwight. This, [picks up balloon] fits in the palm of my hand. You haven't blown 'em up enough. Why have you chosen brown and gray balloons?
Dwight: They match the carpet
Jim: What is that? [looks at sign that says "IT IS YOUR BIRTHDAY."] It is your birthday period.
Dwight: It's a statement of fact.
Jim: Not even an exclamation point?
Dwight: This is more professional. It's not like she discovered a cure for cancer.
Jim: I can't believe how bad this looks.
Dwight: Are you trying to hurt my feeling? Because if so, you are succeeding. Fortunately, my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of a normal man's.
Jim: Okay, good then.
Dwight: Have you collected the money from everyone?
Jim: I am working on it.
Dwight: How much do you have?
Jim: Six dollars.
Dwight: [yelling] That's how much you and I contributed! I... Damn it Jim!
Jim: I said I was working on it.
Dwight: [sighs]
 
Andy: [looking into Julia's car] Trying to see what CD's she got. It's good to know the deets about the girl you're wooing. Eh, Aha! Fiest. Yes! [bangs on car and alarm goes off] Whoa! Aah, Aah! [backs up and runs into another car starting another alarm]
 
Michael: [on cell phone] NO! Oh, my God. Oh, No. That is so awful. That is the worst news. I have to go. I have to do a presentation. I'll talk to you... [hangs up phone, sighs] This is going to be hard for me to speak today. Because I just learned that my father has died. ... No, he didn't! He is alive. And this isn't even a cell phone. This is a calculator. But you bought it! And now you can't return it. Or can you? No you can't. [Karen raises her hand] Yes. Karen, do you need to go pump?
Karen: Not gonna have to do that, till after I have the baby. No, I am wondering. What are you talking about?
Michael: I am talking about, how you all need to sell an experience. Like I sold you on the idea that my father had died.
Karen: But now we think you're a liar.
Michael: Would a liar bring mini Mounds bars? [Pam tosses a handful of Mounds bars at everyone]
 
Michael: I am a theatrical person. Growing up, I always thought I would become an actor. Because I have, these memorization tricks that I use. Um, for instance, I learned the Pledge of Allegiance by setting it to the tune of Old MacDonald. [starts singing] I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God. With a woof-woof here, and a woof-woof there. Here a woof, there a woof. Everywhere a woof, woof. Um, you get it.
 
Michael: I don't know you. But I need to know you in order to sell to you. That is why I have asked you to go around and tell me you names. I have an amazing mnemonic device, by which I have memorized all of your names. Shirty, mole, lazy eye, Mexico, baldy, sugar boobs, black woman. I have taken a unique part of who you are, and I have used that to memorize your name. Baldy, your head is bald. It is hairless. It is shiny, it is reflective like a mirror. "M" your name is Mark.
Mark: Yes.
Michael: Got it. It works.
Karen: Uh, it's very insulting.
Michael: But it works. I would like you all to give this a shot. What do you say?
Mark: But we already know each other's names.
Michael: Well, then it will be easier for you. But I, I still think it's worthwhile, to give a, give it a try.
Karen: Okay. All right everyone, meeting's over.
Michael: Oh, I still have more.
Karen: Can I please see you in my office, please?
Michael: She is pregnant. She is knocked up. "K" Karen. Pam, let's go.
 
Julia: I can't accept these prices, Stanley. They just cut our budget.
Andy: Brought you guys some coffees. Stanley, I know you have adult onset diabetes. So I put Splenda in yours. Let's see. How many did I put in there? [starts singing to the tune of Feist's 1234] One, Two, Three, Four Splenda's in your coffee, Stanley. None in yours, Julia, cause I don't know how you take it. But if you'd rather...
Stanley: Four Splenda. Are you crazy?
Andy: Well, No, I actually only put in two. But that's not how the songs goes.
 
Stanley: Are you out of your damn mind?
Andy: Are you out of your damn mind? You bring an angel like that into this office, and you don't even set me up with her.
Stanley: We're not friends. I didn't think about it.
Andy: We are friends. Stanley, we're friends. And you let me down.
Stanley: You really like her, huh?
Andy: Yeah. I really like her with all my heart.
Stanley: [thinks for a moment] Give me two clients for her.
 
Michael: I grab this [grabs a chain saw], and I turn it on and I say, "Prepare yourself, for the Utica chain store massacre."
Karen: No that's, that is incredibly dangerous.
Michael: No, don't worry, the chain is off.
Pam: No it's not.
Karen: You know, I think I'm just gonna distill all this, and send it in an email to my team.
Michael: Email's not scary. This is an opportunity. Don't, don't blow it.
Pam: So when are you due?
Karen: Uh, in about a month.
Pam: Wow, that is wonderful, congratulations.
Karen: Thank you. It just all happened so fast.
Michael: It's really amazing. Congratulations Karen. So is there a guy or, uh, a person. Or, uh, a sperm machine that did this to you, or?
Karen: Yes, Michael. My husband impregnated me.
Michael: Oh, great.
Karen: His name is Dan, uh, this is us. So dorky.
Pam: Oh, he's cute.
Karen: Yeah, he's so cute. He's a dermatologist. We met a bar. Can you believe that?
Pam: What is happening there? [points at picture]
Karen: Oh, yeah. Don't even. That's really dorky.
Pam: It's really sweet.
Michael: No, it's really dorky. You were right the first time.
Karen: So, how are things in Scranton? How's Jim?
Pam: Uh, they're good. Uh, Jim's good. We're engaged.
Karen: That's so great. That's great.
Pam: Thank you.
Karen: Oh, my God. I'm so happy for you. [hugs pam]
Michael: Old hatreds dissolve into new friendships. It's a really wonderful moment.
 
Stanley: I have to take care of a couple things. So Andy will be taking over things here. You're in good hands, and give my best to your mother.
Andy: So Julia, um, let's see. With regards to, uh, billing. Should we send bills to you, or to your boyfriend's house or?
Julia: No, it could go straight to our business address.
Andy: Oh Okay, all right. That makes sense. How does your boyfriend, deal with your phenomenal success? Is he just, like, totally threatened by you, or?
Julia: Actually, I, I don't have a boyfriend.
Andy: [stammers] Really? Is that... wow, that's so weird.
 
Andy: Guys, stop everything. I'm about to ask out this girl, and I'm completely panicking.
Oscar: [quietly] Oh, my desk is over... [quickly walks away]
Creed: This gal, she's really into you?
Andy: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I've seen her, like, three times today. And we love all the same music, and whenever I walk into a room, she totally looks up.
Creed: All right, all right. Say no more. So, this is how I got squeaky fromme. No small talk. Just show her who's the boss. Just go right in and kiss her.
Andy: Okay, it sounds risky.
Creed: Have I ever steered you wrong, Jim?
Andy: Wait, what?
 
Michael: I would give that lecture a solid B+. Although, for the record, Karen. Wow, kind of mean.
Pam: I like her.
Michael: Really? No, honestly. Tell me what you really think.
Pam: I'm serious. Um, I'm really glad I came.
Michael: Why?
Pam: Because, um, cause I'll never wonder ever again. If I did something wrong and... Now I have closure. She's happy and, I don't know, it feels good.
 
Julia: Thanks for walking me out.
Andy: Oh, my pleasure. Yeah, there's all kinds of weirdo's out here, so...
Julia: You must be freezing.
Andy: I am about to die. [laughs] Will you wait here while I go get my jacket?
Julia: Oh, no, it's okay. This is my car.
Andy: Okay, Okay. Well listen, you're a new client, and as one of my new clients, you will always be taken care of. And that is the Nard-Dog guarantee.
Julia: What's a "Nard-Dog"? 
Andy: [points to self] This is the Nard-Dog.
Julia: [Andy leans in to kiss her] Whoa. What the hell?
Andy: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh I, I thought we had this energy. And I'm a mess. And I just had my heart broken. And you came in today and your so pretty. You're, like, incredibly pretty.
Julia: I just got out of a relationship too. It's really hard.
Andy: Yeah, right? Wow. Yeah. Do you want to talk about it? Go to a mall of something? Just walk around?
Julia: No, I, I don't think so.
Andy: Sure, yeah that's... your right. It's too soon for... definitely too soon for me. So I'm glad we go that out of the way. I'm gonna be in touch with you. In three months. I'm gonna call you about that order. And maybe about that mall walk.
Julia: [chuckles] Okay.
Andy: Take care Julia.
Julia: Thank you.
Andy: [as Julia is pulling out] Sorry I tried to kiss y...
 
Andy: We lost the account.
 
Dwight: [struggling to blow up a balloon as his desk phone rings] Damn it! [answers phone] Dwight Schrute.
Jim: [over the phone] How old's Kelly?
Dwight: Who is this?
Jim: It's Mose. Who do you think it is?
Dwight: Mose doesn't know how to use a phone. So joke's on you.
Jim: Look, I'm at the supermarket, and they only have numbered candles. How old is she?
Dwight: Uh, 24. 37.
Jim: Do you think I'm calling you for your best approximation?
Dwight: [sighs] I'll call you back. [goes to a filling cabinet takes out a file and looks around]
 
Dwight: I have here Kelly Kapoor's personal and confidental file. Allow me to share. [opens file] "Kelly Kapoor spent April 1995 to December 1996 at Berks County Youth Center." Juvie. "According to past employers, it in no way affects her job perfor..." Blah, Blah, Blah. [closes file]
 
Pam: Are you asleep?
Michael: No. I'm just thinking about what you said, about Karen, about closure. You remember Holly? She used to work for H.R.?
Pam: No, remind me.
Michael: Blonde hair, nice boobs. Not too big, not too small.
Pam: Perfect boobs, [gives a look at the camera] of course I remember Holly.
Michael: She was the love of my life. What you and Jim have times 100. Just she... she just left. And I didn't... I never got closure, you know? I never got closure with her. I haven't talked to her since. I haven't seen her since. And I feel like I need to go to Nashua and get closure. I feel like I need that.
Pam: Okay, lets go.
Michael: [scoofs] I'll just blow off the lecture at Rochester.
Pam: Yeah, screw 'em. Let's do this.
Michael: [chuckles] Okay.
 
Jim: [leaning against Creed's desk] So I am collecting $3 from everybody. For Kelly's party.
Creed: I'd like to contribute.
Jim: Oh, great.
Creed: [opens wallet and hands Jim a single bill] There you go.
Jim: [looks at a three dollar bill]

Oscar: [Kevin is holding two ice cream treats] Two?
Kevin: I didn't eat lunch. [Oscar gives Kevin a look] I didn't eat all my lunch.
 
Angela: [enters smiling and waving] Hello, everyone. Oh, ice cream. Nice, Kevin. Looks good.
Kevin: It... yeah.
Oscar: Angela, you're more chipper than usual.
Angela: I am proud to announce that there is a new addition to the Martin family. [takes a breath, excitedly] She's hypoallergenic. She doesn't struggle when you try to dress her. She's a third-generation show cat. Her father was in 'Meet the Parents.' Needless to say, she was very, very expensive.
Meredith: How much?
Angela: Seven thousand dollars.
Creed: For a cat? I could get you a kid for that.
Oscar: Where'd you get that kind of money?
Angela: I sold Andy's engagement ring on eBay.
Kevin: Wait, you didn't give it back?
Angela: He wouldn't have wanted that. Her name is Princess Lady!
Meredith: Seven grand?
Angela: Mm-hmm.
Meredith: I gotta see that little bitch.
Angela: I have something better than a picture. Come on.
 
Oscar: You have your cats on Nanny-Cam?
Angela: Yeah. [cats meowing] I mean, I usually try to take leave when I get a new cat, but I'm out of vacation days. And this company still doesn't recognize cat maternity. I mean, when somebody has a kid, oh sure, take off a year.
Meredith: She's right. I had my second kid just for the vacation.
Angela: Right. Anyways... I just want to make sure Princess Lady is acclimating well. She means more to me than anyone.
Kevin: Any cat, you mean.
Angela: And person.
 
Pam: So, detour. We're now adding Nashua to the Lecture Circuit so Michael can confront Holly and get some closure. Nashua actually sounded very excited on the phone. I don't think they get a lot of visitors. Because their office is only accessible by cross-country skis. Hey-oh! [laughs] [whispers] I've been driving too long. 
 
Dwight: [shouts from another room] What did you do?
Kelly: Stop yelling at me!
Dwight: What did you do?
Kelly: I didn't do anything!
Dwight: What did you learn in there? I bet you learned things, huh? Like how to fashion a shiv, hmm?
Jim: Hey! What the hell's goin' on?
Dwight: Why don't you tell Jim where you were from ages 14 to 15.
Kelly: I was kickin' it.
Dwight: In juvie.
Jim: What?
Dwight: Juvie... nile... Detention Center. Where they send teenagers!
Jim: Yep.
Dwight: For reha-
Jim: Got it. 
Dwight: What did you do? Huh?
Jim: Hey, Dwight, sounds like she was 14, so maybe we wanna go a little easy. 
Dwight: Yeah, if she's old enough to get married, she's old enough to follow the law. [to Kelly] What did you do?
Kelly: My boyfriend dumped me, so, I stole his boat. I mean, he told me it was his boat. It was actually his father's. And I just thought it'd be really romantic, like 'Thelma and Louise,' but with, like, a boat. And it was the worst year of my life. And I can't believe that you guys are making me talk about this on my birthday!
Dwight: I thought you said yesterday was your birthday!
Jim: Hey, you know what? I got you a cake.
Kelly: You did? I wanna see the cake.
Jim: And... ta da.
Kelly: I hate it.
Jim: How do you hate it? It's a cake.
Kelly: Well, there's no flowers... or toys... or--- I mean, there's nothing on it. Where did you even find a cake like this? I mean, it doesn't have my name on it! Do you guys know what my name is? My name is Kelly!
Jim: Right. 
 
Jim: I forgot if there was an "e" between the "l" and the "y." I still don't know.
 
Kelly: I mean, I don't even know what the theme is. What's the theme?!
Jim: Birthday.
Dwight: Frosting.
Kelly: Those aren't... themes. There's always a theme. [walks out]
Phyllis: There's always a theme.
Dwight: Nice job on the cake, Bozo!
Jim: Okay, you know what, next time, I'll let you get the cake and I get to scream at the birthday girl.
 
Pam: [taking Michael's picture] Okay, a little bit more closer to the sign. Yeah.
 
Michael: Do I look okay?
Pam: You look good.
 
Michael: Hi.
Receptionist: Hi, can I help you?
Michael: Yes, you can. I am, uh, Michael Scott, Regional Manager of the Scranton branch.
Receptionist: Yes, we were expecting you. Have a seat. 
Michael: Thank you. ... Um... is, uh, Holly Flax anywhere here?
Receptionist: Actually, she's on an HR retreat for the next three days.
Michael: Oh- She's not here?
Receptionist: But, if you need to get in touch with her immediately, you could talk to A.J. He's a salesman here.
Michael: A.J.
Receptionist: Yeah, he's her boyfriend. He's just over there.
 
Michael: She has a boyfriend.
Pam: I'm so sorry, Michael.
Michael: How could she do this to me, Pam?
Pam: She's not doing it to hurt you.
Michael: I can't do the presentation, I can't- [voice cracks] ... just... oh... thinking about seeing him... and... thinking about... him getting to hold her and getting to kiss her, it just- oh, God! [starts crying, covers his face]
Pam: Listen, when Jim was dating Karen, I didn't want to come to work. It was awful. I hated it. I wanted to quit, but-
Michael: I know, just... uh, please, I'm going through something, okay? [exhales]
Pam: You know, when Holly gets back, everyone will tell her what a great job you did. And then she'll realize what she's missing.
Michael: And then she'll move back to Scranton. And her boyfriend will die.
Pam: Yeah, maybe.
Michael: [laughs]
Pam: Maybe. One step at a time.
Michael: [sighs]
Pam: You can do this.
Michael: I can do this.
 
Oscar: It could be snacks, or- 
Kevin: Why would we- [cats meowing from Angela's computer, sounds like crying]
Oscar: Wha-
Kevin: Is that what I think it is? [Kevin and Oscar get up and go to Angela's computer]
Oscar: Good God!
Kevin: [gasps]
Oscar: [laughs]
Angela: [gasps]
Kevin: That one ugly cat is humping Princess Lady!
Angela: No!
Meredith: Awesome!
Angela: Stop it, Mr. Ash! Bad cat! That is very bad! You stop it right now! I swear, he is fixed.
Meredith: Yeah, I know fixed; that ain't fixed.
Kevin: No way.
Angela: No, now listen. You can't let what you see here, sully your image of them. They are good, decent cats. [all laugh] I gotta go. I'll be back in an hour. Oh, stop that! Oh!
Kevin: Oh, the other one's watching.
 
Jim: Okay, so all we need is a theme... and cups, and ice, and punch, and a cake.
Dwight: Busy!
Jim: Hey, what's that show that she's always talking about?
Dwight: Oh, my God. Is this how you are with Pam? 'Cause she must want to shoot herself in the face.
Jim: You know what? I could use a little help.
Dwight: You know what? I'm a little busy.
Jim: We have a lot to do, and you are... putting up a very effeminate sign. Is that what you've been doing, is making a sign?
Dwight: It's not effeminate. It's festive.
Jim: You've been making that sign, for something that we could just announce to the whole office? Hey everybody, the party's now at 3!
Stanley: I know, I just read it on the sign.
 
Michael: Goooood morning, Viet-Nashua! Sales. Sales is what bwings us together, today. How do we deal with clients who say, "Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn... about paper" and get them to "Show us the money!" Well, we are going to find out today. Show of hands. How many of you are salesmen? Let's see the salesmen. [some raise their hands] Oh, okay. Well I know what the rest of you are thinking. Wow, yuck. Salesmen are the worst! They are awful. They are so arrogant. They think the whole place revolves around them. Handsome, good listeners, funny, Mr. Wonderful. So, okay, you're a salesman. What's, uh, what's your name?
A.J.: A.J.
Michael: A.J. What kind of name is A.J.?
A.J.: [laughs]
Michael: What do you race cars?
A.J.: [laughs] I'm a salesman. That's why I raised my hand.
Michael: Ooh. Ouch. Okay, good. You're funny, very good and funny. Tell me, A.J., are you dating? Is there somebody you date?
A.J.: Yeah. Why, are you interested? [all laugh]
Woman: I have a question about discounts from distributors.
Michael: Yep, we will get to you. Okay, so you're dating somebody? Um... is it serious?
A.J.: It's pretty serious, yes.
Michael: Huh- [pauses] Does she ever talk about me? [voice cracking]
Pam: Oh, God.
A.J.: Excuse me?
Man: What does this have to do with sales?
Michael: It's all connected. Shut up. [to A.J.] Does she ever mention 'Michael Scott?'
A.J.: No, what are you talking about?
Michael: [sighs loudly] Does it feel good?
A.J.: Does what feel good?
Michael: [grunts] Your life. [sits down, upset] Oh, wow. Whew. Ahh, legs are sorta giving out. Long drive in the car, so let's just- We'll just continue. [sighs, falls to floor, gets more upset] Oh, wow. [takes deep breath] Ooh, okay.
Pam: Michael, get off the floor!
Michael: Yeah, yeah... uh, I can't do this Pam. Just read from- just read the cards. 
Pam: [whispering] No, no, no, you have to do it-
Michael: No, no, I'm okay. I'm all right. [sighs heavily] Okay... okay.
Pam: That was weird, huh? It's all part of the presentation. It was confusing, right? Because confusing situations happen to us all the time in our jobs. [pauses] I'm just trying to bridge the gap between what just happened and the fact that I'm going to be doing the rest of the presentation. [reading from the cards, in Forrest Gump voice] Sales is like a box a chocolates, you never know which vendor you're gonna get. Forrest Gump.
 
Pam: [pointing to staff members] Blazer. Freckles. Penguin. K.D. Lang. Holly's boyfriend. These mnemonic devices help to make a connection, and then, also to help you memorize names. I have a chainsaw! [holds up chainsaw, makes a wimpy chain saw noise] Cutting down the competition.
 
Angela: [cats meowing in background][on Nanny-Cam] Where is that bad cat? Oh, you know who you are. Excuse me, Petals, I'm looking for Mr. Ash. He's a bad cat. Bad, bad cat. Do you hear me? Bad. Yeah, you were bad. No, you look at me when I talk to you. Do you hear me, Mr. Ash? You look at me. 'Cause I'm talking to you right now. 
Oscar: [chuckles]
Kevin: [snickers]
Angela: [meows like a cat, then hisses]
Kevin: This is getting weird.
Oscar: Is she cleaning the cat with her tongue? [Angela licks cat, meows]
Kevin: Ohhh...
 
Michael: [sighs, touches Holly's sweater, cuts off sleeve, chuckles, sees Word document on Holly's computer named "Dear Michael," plugs in USB flash drive to copy file from computer]
 
Angela: [shivers] [meowing noises] Has this been on the entire time?
Oscar: I have no idea. 
Kevin: I was looking at pictures of food on my computer.
Angela: [sigh of relief] Well, sorry I'm late. [clears throat, coughs, pulls hairball out of her mouth]
 
Oscar: I want to get that image out of my head. The psychological issues that go behind licking a cat, are not things I want to go into. Also, I'm pretty sure she coughed up a hairball.
 
Pam: [loading up car with Michael] Don't look up. Don't look up. [sighs as office workers all looking from window]
 
Michael: Want some pie?
Pam: No.
Michael: I went through Holly's things.
Pam: What?
Michael: I stole a sleeve of her sweater.
Pam: Oh, Michael...
Michael: I also stole something off of her computer. A document called "Dear Michael."
Pam: You did what?
Michael: I shouldn't have done it. It just- I couldn't help it.
Pam: She never sent it to you?
Michael: No, sh- she didn't. I'm gonna read it.
Pam: No.
Michael: Yes. 
Pam: No, under no circumstances can you read that letter. It's a violation of her trust.
Michael: How?
Pam: Because, she didn't send it to you!
Michael: I know, I know. You're right, you're right.
Pam: I could read it.
Michael: No, that wouldn't-
Pam: Yeah, I could read it.
Michael: No, you don't have to do that. 
Pam: Go get your laptop.
Michael: Okay. [leaves to get laptop]
Pam: [to camera] What? I'm not in love with her.
 
Dwight: [blowing up balloon, breathes loudly] You have to write my suggestions down, too.
Jim: I'm not writing, "Horse Hunt." I don't even know what that means.
Dwight: It's in the name.
Jim: [grunts] Okay, so far, our ideal party consists of beer, fights to the death, cupcakes, blood pudding, blood, touch football, mating, charades, and yes, horse hunting.
Dwight: You're right, forget horse hunting. It's stupid.
Jim: Look, is there a birthday you remember that you loved?
Dwight: Here's one. It was dark, warm, wet. A sudden burst of light. An intense pressure like I'd never felt before. Father, dressed in white, pulls me forward. Mother bites the cord. [pretends to bite]
Jim: Okay, stop. Forever stop that story. That's disgusting, and it doesn't count. So give me another one.
Dwight: Schrutes don't celebrate birthdays, idiot. It started as a Depression-era practicality, and then moved on to an awesome tradition that I look forward to every year. [rolls eyes] What about you?
Jim: Actually, when I was seven, my Dad took me to the Natural History Museum in New York. And we looked at fossils all day. And at the end of the day, he got me a little plastic triceratops. It was awesome.
Dwight: That's cool. Hey, you know what's even cooler than triceratops? Every other dinosaur that ever existed.
Jim: [to camera] Didn't see that one coming.
 
Pam: [closes laptop] It's deleted.
Michael: Well?
Pam: She still has feelings for you.
Michael: She said that? Is that what it said? What did it say?
Pam: I can't tell you specifically, but... it's not over. 
Michael: You're sure? 
Pam: [nods and smiles]
Michael: [smiles, sighs, chuckles] Okay.
 
Kelly: [enters conference room]
All: Happy Birthday!
Meredith: Surprise!
Dwight: Hey, it's not a surprise.
Jim: Not a surprise.
Kelly: This doesn't look good.
Jim: What?! You have a cake. You have a delicious cake, with your name spelled correctly?
Kelly: [shakes her head no]
Dwight: Told you.
Jim: You haven't heard our theme, though.
Kelly: You don't hear a theme, you see it... why is there a chicklet on my cake?
Jim: That's the best part. That represents a pillow, or a television.
Dwight: Our theme, if you will.
Jim: Because the fun part is, you get to decide on an hour of television, or an hour of napping.
Dwight: That's our theme.
Kelly: Cool. 
Jim: Yeah?
Kelly: I love it.
Dwight: [high-fives Jim] Oh, yes! Okay, good. So what's it gonna be, Kapoor?
Kevin: Ooh- can she pick a half hour of each?
Dwight: No.
Jim: No.
Kevin: Oh, then pick TV.
Meredith: Take a nap!
Oscar: TV.
Kevin: No, watching TV at work is really cool.
Stanley: Take a nap, nothing good is on TV right now.
Creed: Bonnie Hunt is on.
Kelly: You know what, I have been watching TV all week. I choose nap.
Jim: All right.
Dwight: Okay, nap it is! Everyone out! Get out! We're gonna be eating cake at our desks. Let's go. 
Meredith: Surprise.
Dwight: Move it! Let's go, go, go, go, go. I got this.
Jim: Ahem. This is for you... and [puts blanket around her shoulders] ...Happy Birthday, Kel.
Kelly: [giggles] Thank you.
Dwight: [turns off lights] Okay, you've got one hour. [shuts door]
Kelly: I'm too excited to sleep.
 
Dwight: Mm, great cake.
Jim: Thanks. [both eat cake]
 
Dwight: [opens door to wake Kelly, bangs together two trash can covers loudly] Birthday time is over! Now go make up for all the work you missed when you were taking your nap. [slaps Kelly's butt] Many happy returns. [slams door]
 
Michael: I feel great. So good to have closure. Ah! We should go apologize to Roy or something.
Pam: No, we don't need to do that.
Michael: Who have I wronged? Who have I wronged? Oh, oh! What about that fat guy from Stamford that I insulted? We should find him!
Pam: You mean Tony?
Michael: Jabba the hut, Pizza the hut, Fat guys like pizza, pepperoni pizza, pepperoni Tony!
Pam: Oh, Michael.
Michael: Man, was he fat. So, so... fat. You know what, forget it. I know me. When I saw him, I would never be able to apologize to him. Too fat. Big fat fatty. 

Phone Salesman: Hi.
Pam: Good morning, can I help you?
Phone Salesman: Yes, I'm from Techstar about a new phone system for you. I was wondering if I could talk to Michael Scott.
Pam: I'm sorry, he's not in right now.
Phone Salesman: Really? He's never around when I come by.
Pam: Shoot.
 
Pam: They have new phone systems now that can ring directly to a salesman, or someone presses star and they go to accounting, basically 95% of my job. But I'd like to see a machine that puts out candy for everyone. [realizing] Vending machine.
 
Phone Salesman: How about I make an appointment to come back? That way, I know he'll be here.
Pam: That is a great idea.
Phone Salesman: Great.
Pam: [while leafing through Michael's appointment book and seeing nothing but free time] Um, oh boy, let's see, he's really...
Jim: [approaching Reception] Michael Scott, manager. Hi, how are ya?
Pam: There he is!
Phone Salesman: Oh, hi! Great.
Jim: Nice to meet you, yeah. Whew! I can assure you we don't need a new system though. Happy with ours.
Michael: [coming out from his office] Hello, may I help you?
Jim: Jimbo!
Michael: ...Jim.
Jim: [impersonating Fonzie] Ayyyy!
Michael: Ayyyy!
Pam: Ayyyy!
Michael: Ayyyy!
Jim: Ayyyy!
Dwight: [running from his desk] Ayyyy!
Jim, Pam, Michael and Dwight: Ayyyy!
Phone Salesman: Ok. I'm, uh, I'll be going.
Jim, Pam, Michael and Dwight: Ayyyy!
Michael: [laughing] What was that?
Pam: That was funny.
Michael: That was funny. Let's go do it to somebody else. Ayyyy!
 
Michael: Oh, look at that. Cupids and hearts. Really shoving our faces in it this year. You doin OK, bud?
Kevin: I miss Stacy.
Michael: Yeah, I hear ya. It's been four months since I was with Holly, and she was way hotter then Stacy. So if you think you're hurting...
Kevin: I can't even imagine.
 
Pam: This is our first and only Valentine's Day as fiances. 
Jim: You're only engaged once. Well present company excluded, but.
Pam: Really, Jim? On Cupid's birthday?
Jim: Yeah. [Jim leans in for a kiss but Pam turns away] She's fine.
 
Kelly: So, I received my first Valentine from a secret admirer. [Kelly opens the envelope] Roses are red, violets are blue, it's time for your dental cleaning, and maybe a check-up too.
 
Michael: Oh, wow look at those. How nice for you. Up there, front and center, beautiful. I think they would look better right here. [Michael takes the flowers from Pam's desk and puts them on the ground off to the side] They're very pretty and I wouldn't want them to fall. [Kevin groans]
 
Michael: Just about everyone in this office is single right now. Including me. And everyone is experiencing an incredible amount of emotional pain. Especially me, because of my great capacity for emotion, and it is my first Valentine's Day since Holly, so I think that I am well qualified to understand that these people need to be protected from having love shoved into their faces.
 
Michael: Pam, really, they're back?
Pam: I can't see them when they're on the floor
Jim: They're for her to look at, Michael.
Michael: Can I have a word with you, Jim?
Jim: Yes, let's have a word.
Michael: Yes, um, Jim. Today is a very difficult day for a lot of people in this office.
Jim: Oh, I'm sorry.
Michael: Yeah. And the sexy looks between you and Pam, the general sexiness, the flowers, it's creating a bit of a hostile work environment.
Jim: I understand that. 
Dwight: So sexy it becomes hostile.
Michael: Mm-hmm.
Jim: Uh, I actually thought we were keeping it pretty low-key.
Michael: Well, if you guys insist on having your own private little love fest--
Jim: We do.
Michael: --that none of us can be a part of--
Pam: You can't be a part of our relationship, Michael.
Michael: [gesturing Pam to be quiet] --then, we, are gonna have our own private Valentine's Day party.
Jim: That sounds fun.
Michael: So suck it. Hey everybody, I just invited Jim to suck it, and I am cordially inviting all of you to a special convention, a lonely heart's convention, this afternoon. Singles only.
Dwight: Yeah, deal with it Pam!
Michael: So we may not have someone in our lives that we love, but we do have each other.
 
Dwight: Having trouble finding a vein?
Blood Drive Worker: Yup, a little.
Dwight: How about now? [Dwight untenses his arm]
 
Dwight: I train my major blood vessels to retract into my body on command. Also, I can retract my penis up into itself. [pauses, then nods signaling that he performed the feat] 
 
Michael: I am about to give blood. The gift of everlasting life, the transfer of my bodily fluids, oh wow, that's a big needle, that --
Blood Drive Worker: You're gonna need to lie down right over here.
Michael: Okay. Hello.
Blood Girl: Hi, I cant talk right now. I'm sorry.
Michael: Oh, OK.
Blood Girl: Whew, I'm really nervous.
Michael: Yeah, me too.
Blood Girl: Yeah, when I get nervous I sort of clam up.
Michael: Oh, well, that's fine.
Blood Girl: Whew, it's better for me just to be quiet, yeah.
Michael: Yeah, can I point something out to you? 
Blood Girl: Sure.
Michael: You're actually talking a lot.
Blood Girl: Sorry, it's the other thing I do when I get really nervous.
Michael: Okay, here we go.
Blood Drive Worker: Alright, here we go.
Michael: Oh, God. [Michael clears his throat]
Blood Drive Worker: Just relax.
Michael: Yup, I'm good, whew. Wow, I feel like a human juicebox. [Blood Girl laughs] Hawaiian blood punch.
Blood Girl: Oh, that's gross.
Michael: Type O-Ocean Spray.
Blood Girl: God, stop. Stop it.
 
Phyllis: Hey, why don't you guys come have lunch with Bob and me? We'll take all afternoon. [whispering] Michael is terrified of bob.
Pam: What do you think?
Jim: I have a lot of work to do this afternoon. Those mines aren't gonna sweep themselves.
Pam: We're in.
 
Michael: Yick.
Blood Girl: What?
Michael: I looked at the bag.
Blood Girl: Ew.
Michael: I looked straight at the bag.
Blood Girl: That's not good.
Michael: Could you distract me for a second, just talk about things that don't have blood in them?
Blood Girl: Well, ok... bags! [Michael is taken aback] Alright, that was bad.
Michael: That was mean.
Blood Girl: Um, a hat.
Michael: A hat.
Blood Girl: A hat with no blood in it?
Michael: That is full of soup.
Blood Girl: You're cute.
Michael: What?
Blood Drive Worker: You're done. 
Michael: Oh, already.
Blood Girl: Ah, we did it!
Michael: Whew, wow I was so nervous about this I don't think I ate for three days. [Michael passes out]
Blood Girl: Is he OK?
 
Michael: [ccming to] Oh my God, how long was I out? [Michael looks over where Blood Girl was and sees Hank]
Hank: What?
Michael: Excuse me, waitress, where did the lady go?
Blood Drive Worker: Oh. She left.
Michael: OK. Oh, wait a second, wait a second, that's hers. This is hers, she left her glove. I need her name if I'm gonna return her glove.
Blood Drive Worker: I'm sorry sir we can't give out that information. [Michael sighs]
 
Meredith: [seeing Kelly tear a paper heart in half] What are you doing?
Kelly: Decorating.
Meredith: I'll help. [Meredith tears the wings off of a Cupid] Now it's just a stupid baby.
Kelly: Yeah, thanks.
 
Phyllis: It is so nice to go out with another couple.
Pam: Anything to get out of that office.	
Phyllis: I know
Bob: I honestly don't know how you can work with that jackass, that other jackass, and that new jackass.
Phyllis: He's talking about Michael, Dwight, and Andy. 
Jim: Oh yeah, I understood. 
 
Michael: Well here we all are. Alone but together. No flowers for us. [in a Mexican accent] Relationships, we don't need no stinking relationships. I think we should all go around and tell our worst relationship story, and then get past it, just blow through it, yeah? Kelly, what about Ryan? He treated you pretty terribly, yeah?
Kelly: Well, his heart was in the right place.
Michael: Yeah, but now his heart is in Thailand along with the rest of his body having random sex. [Kelly looks hurt] Okay, sorry, let's, who else? Oscar.
Oscar: I don't think so.
Michael: Come on, I'm sure there's something you need to get off your chest.
Oscar: I can't.
Michael: If you wanna just, anything? Are you sure? I'm sure whatever you did it wasn't your fault. OK well, who else?
 
Bob: Everyone here who's bowled a 280 please raise your hand. [Bob does so]
Jim: No way, a 280?
Pam: Wow, that's impressive.
Phyllis: Okay. Now everyone here who's bowled under 70 raise their hand.
Jim: Yikes.
Phyllis: Come on, Bob. Raise your hand. [Bob does so reluctantly]
Jim: No. Bob, no. No!
Pam: What?
Bob: One time. You love bringing up that one time, don't you?
Phyllis: Yes I do.
Pam: Jim uses a 6 pound ball. 
Jim: That is a lie, that is a lie. 
Pam: Yes, he bowled 5 frames with this pink sparkly thing until a little girl had to ask for her ball back.
Jim: But! That girl must've had monstrous hands because the holes fit.
Pam: No, you just have little dainty fingers.
Bob: Oh yeah. You can always model ladies' jewelry.
Jim: Nobody asked, Bob!
 
Oscar: Do you risk telling him how you feel? Do you say something that you can barely admit to yourself?
Angela: Oh God, what did you do? I mean, not that I approve of any of it but...
Oscar: I was stupid, I told him.
Kevin: Was he in to you in like a gay way?
Michael: Moron, if he was there wouldn't be a story.
Oscar: He told me he wasn't gay. [everyone groans]
Michael: Really sad.
Oscar: I'm not done yet.
Michael: Oh my God.
Kevin: A week later a friend of mine calls me up, and he says "I just saw him in a gay bar in Kansas City." [everybody groans except for Michael who looks pleasantly surprised]
Michael: Well then it's a happy ending, because he was gay. You should call him!
Angela: My worst breakup was actually two breakups. Two different men. I was in love with both of them and when things went bad they had a duel over me.
Oscar: Yeah, Dwight and Andy. We were here.
Angela: No, this was years ago when I was living in Ohio. John Mark and John David.
Oscar: Angela, you had two sets of different men actually duel over you?
Angela: I guess I have. Huh.
Michael: Alright who's next? Where's Andy?
Oscar: He's on one of his honeymoons.
Michael: What?
Oscar: He made non-refundable deposits on his honeymoons, so he's just knocking them off one at a time. I think today he's hot air ballooning and later he's got a couple's massage.
Kevin: My worst breakup was with Stacy. It was a Sunday morning, we were reading the paper, and I said "Oh my God, I think the Eagles could clinch the NFC East!" and she said that we're done.
Michael: You know what guys? I don't think we need to do this.
Dwight: You're right. OK everyone, back to work.
Michael: No, no, no, no. I mean have this kind of party. I look around and I see all these beautiful people who are alone on Valentine's, and I think that there are other single people out there too. We just need to find them. There's a girl out there for all of us maybe even in this office park. There has to be a way to get all these lonely people together.
Dwight: A net? a giant net?
Michael: No. Not a giant net.
Dwight: What do you have in mind?
Michael: I was thinking maybe like a mixer.
Dwight: Oh God, that's a terrible idea.
Michael: Old fashioned meet market --
Dwight: No.
Michael: -- I don't think it is.
Dwight: Lonely people mixing with one another? Breeding? Creating an even lonelier generation? Ha, you're not allowing natural selection to do its work. Pssh. You're like the guy who invented the seat belt.
 
Michael: These people need love and I am going to get it for them Who cares if we sell a little bit less paper today? A great boss cares more about the happiness of his employees then anything else. I am going to be cupid, and I am going to shoot my sparrow at unsuspecting victims, and they are going to get hit and say "I'm in love I was hit by cupid's sparrow." Funny little bird, but he gets the job done. 
 
Michael: Hey.
Dwight: Hey. No movement.
Michael: Ah, still early. 
Dwight: Eh, its not that early.
Michael: [sighs] So how you holding up? 
Dwight: I'm ok. Feel a little lopsided because of all the blood they took out of my right side.
Michael: No. No, I meant about being single today.
Dwight: Oh. Meh.
Michael: Meh, exactly. Eh.
Dwight: Eh.
Michael: Oh, here we go.
Dwight: Hello.
Michael: Hello. [two women, a blonde and a redhead, enter the office. Michael and Dwight walk towards them and Dwight extends his hand to the redhead] 
Dwight: Dwight K. Schrute. Why don't you introduce me to your little friend? [Dwight immediately breaks the handshake with the redhead and turns to the blonde] Hi, Dwight.
Michael: Babe alert! [to the redhead] Hello, I'm Michael Scott, welcome to our little shindig.
Lynn: Oh, hi! I'm Lynn.
Michael: Lynn, follow me, come on in. For you we have one of our top people Kevin Malone. Kevin, come out here show your beautiful self.
Kevin: Hello.
Lynn: Hi.
Michael: [after a short pause] So run with the ball! Run with it, Kev. [after another pause] Where you from?
Kevin: I'm from here!
Michael: Yeah, OK. Well, he only gets better.
Kevin: Thank you, Michael.
 
Dwight: I can untie any knot. I'm serious. Name a knot, any knot. Go ahead.
Blonde: I- I- believe you.
Dwight: You shouldn't believe everything you hear. In fact, there are many knots that I cannot untie. So where does a woman as charming as yourself find herself employed on a day such as today.
Blonde: Um, I work at a place that does catalogs for community colleges and small businesses.
Dwight: You must use a lot of paper.
Blonde: Oh God tons of it . 
 
Pam: What's the rule about eating when people are in the bathroom?
Jim: I think if you ordered hot food you're allowed to eat.
Pam: Oh, damn. [Pam looks down at her salad] They've been in there for like ten minutes.
Jim: Look at that. Bob ordered hot food. 
Pam: Yes. And I think they gave him too many fries. 
Jim: We should help him out. [Jim and Pam each take a French fry, eat it, and then look toward the bathroom]
 
Kevin: At the Circle Drive-In they show old movies. It's really cool.
Lynn: That does sound cool.
Kevin: I used to go there with my fiance [Lynn is taken aback]. Before she left me [Lynn shows pity]. No, I mean, before I left her [Lynn looks confused]. She left me. [Kevin walks away dejected] 
 
Kevin: I think I blew it. It all happened so fast. So... fast.
 
Michael: So, Eric. You mentioned before that you are in tool and dye repair.
Eric: I am.
Michael: Meredith recently had a total hysterectomy, so that's sort of a repair. Alright, I'll let you guys talk.
 
Michael: It's going very well. People are mixing, a lot of hope. Cause that's what you hate to see, when hope gets crushed. [Michael suddenly turns to look at the open entrance door] Sorry, thought I heard somebody coming in. Um, so [looking at his watch] it's not too late.
 
Dwight: ...and the kind of discounts we're talking about are not... hold on - Michael, Why do you keep looking at the front door?
Michael: No reason.
Dwight: Is somebody after you?
Oscar: Why do you always go to that? Has anyone ever been after anyone in this office?
Dwight: Hey, it just takes one!
Michael: Nobody's after me, I just, I met a woman when I was giving blood and I thought she might come by.
Kelly: You met a woman when you were giving blood? That is so romantic.
Michael: It's not a big deal really, I just, you know met somebody, we hardly talked, I picked up her glove so I was hoping I could give it back to her.
Kelly: Oh my God, that makes it even more romantic. This is like a modern day Enchanted, it's like a fairy tale.
Meredith: She could be your soul mate.
Dwight: Oh, not likely. 3 billion woman on the planet, most of them live in Asia so the numbers just don't add up.
Oscar: It's possible.
Kelly: She could be.
Michael: Believe me its nothing. I hardly even talked to her we just, we were lying there next to each other, I think our blood bags touched.
Kelly: Aww. [Michael grins sheepishly]
 
Jim: Here they come. 
Pam: [looking up from her pilfering of Bob's food] What?
Jim: No, just kidding. Seriously though, that's enough.
Pam: Well, you should cover it with the broccoli.
Jim: Oh great, I have to cover?
Pam: Do you think they dined and dashed?
Jim: Well they didn't dine so, yeah, maybe they just dashed.
Pam: I thought we were having a nice time.
Jim: We were.
Pam: Yeah.
 
Jim: [emerging from the Men's room] Empty.
Pam: [exiting the Ladies' room] Mine too. [Pam and Jim notice the Handicapped stall and walk towards it. Putting their ears to the door they hear Mr. and Mrs. Vance being intimate]
Jim: Oh boy.
Pam: My God. 
Jim: OK.
 
Girl: Is this the party? [everyone turns to Michael wanting to know if this is Blood Girl]
Michael: Nah. [everyone groans and Girl turns around and walks away.
 
Bob: OK then.
Jim: So...
Bob: Where were we?
Phyllis: [out of breath] Bowling.
Pam: Yep, that, yeah.
Bob: You didn't eat much there Jimbo.
Jim: Oh initially I did.
Bob: Want some meat?
Phyllis: Oh sure, a little piece. Ooh, no mushroom though.
Bob: Forgot.
Phyllis: Yeah, thank you. [As Phyllis enjoys Bob's meat, Jim and Pam look knowingly into the camera]
 
Kevin: Hey, I'm sorry we did not have a chance to talk more. I get very nervous talking to pretty girls. Seriously, feel how sweaty my hand is. 
Lynn: That's really sweaty.
Kevin: Are you on email?
Lynn: Oh, yeah. [gives Kevin her card]
Kevin: Cool. Bye.
Lynn: Bye, Kevin.
 
Kevin: Good Valentine's.
 
Dwight: So basically, the greater volume you decide to buy in, the greater discount we can give you.
Blonde: OK. [Blonde stands up to leave]
Dwight: OK, what's up?
Blonde: Look, I'm gonna go...
Dwight: Oh-oh-oh before you go, I'd just love to get a firm commitment on this. You know maybe sign--
Blonde: Look, we already have a paper supplier.
Dwight: OK. Well, thanks for wasting my time tonight, idiot. God!
Michael: Hey, you don't deserve her.
Dwight: Thanks, Michael.
 
Michael: Hey, if anybody wants to go...
Oscar: We can stay a little longer.
Michael: Really? [everybody signifies their agreement, and Kelly gives Michael a piece of cake] Oh, thanks.
Kelly: Michael, it's time.
Michael: You know what, you guys, you guys can get out I'm gonna soldier on a little bit.
Oscar: Come on, we'll all go.
Michael: [after some encouragement] OK.
 
Michael: Four months ago, I dated a woman named Holly and, um, this is actually the first time that I've even considered getting back into that arena again. You know what, sometimes it's not about whether Cinderella gets her slipper back, but it's about the fact that the prince even picked up the slipper at all. There's a lot of princesses out there. You know, they have all different sizes and shapes of feet and hands so I think, I think my odds are pretty good.
 
Stanley: Pardon me, may I have a chocolate chip cookie? I gave blood earlier and I'm still feeling woozy.
Blood Drive Worker: Of course. [noticing Stanley's arm] That's weird. You got a cotton ball and tape and we've been using Band-Aids.
Stanley: [backing out of the bloodmobile] I, uh-oh I feel so woozy I just [to Phyllis] Band-Aids.
Phyllis: Damn.

Pam: [on the phone] Yeah, that's no problem. 
Michael: Pam?
Pam: [on the phone] Sure. Uh huh. 
Michael: Pam? Knock, knock.
Pam: I'm on the phone.
Michael: I know you are. Knock, knock.
Pam: [on the phone] You can fax it over. Yeah, 5-7-0-5-5-5-0-1--
Michael: [at same time as Pam] 4-9-1-7-4-5-1
Pam: 0-1-7-5. Thank you. Bye, bye. [to Michael] It really makes us look unprofessional. 
Michael: They would never know it was me doing it. Here we go, Knock, knock. [Dwight walks over]
Pam: [sighs] Who's there?
Michael: Buddha.
Pam: Buddha who?
Michael: [puts a slice of bread and stick of butter on Pam's desk] Buddha this bread for me, won't you? [Michael and Dwight laugh]
Pam: Great. 
Michael: I, I need something to wipe my hand. 
Pam: Now there's, there's butter on my desk. 
Michael: That was helping. It was classic.
Dwight: I got a knock-knock joke. 
Michael: No... God.
Dwight: OK, Michael, please, please, please, please, please let me.
Michael: Alright. 
Dwight: [clears throat] Knock, knock.
Michael: Who's there?
Dwight: KGB.
Michael: KGB - [Dwight slaps Michael on the face]
Dwight: [in Russian accent] We will ask the questions!
Michael: What the hell was that? [Michael starts to fight with Dwight]
Dwight: What are you doing? 
Michael: What are you doing?
Dwight: Hey! Hey! Stop it! Stop it!
Michael: You, you like that? 
Dwight: C'mon. What are you doing? Mine was a part of my hilarious joke. 
Michael: Mine was retribution. What are you doing? No more knock-knock jokes. That's it. 
Jim: Ding Dong.
Michael: [to Jim] Who's there? 
Jim: KGB.
Michael: Dwight, get the door. 
Dwight: I'm not answering it. 
Michael: Answer the door.
Jim: Ding dong. 
Dwight: No way, it's the KGB. 
Jim: Ding dong. 
Dwight: I'm not answering that. You answer it.
Michael: I'm not gonna answer it 
Dwight: I'm not gonna answer it, it's the KGB. [Jim slaps Dwight]
Jim: The KGB will wait for no one! [Michael laughs]
Dwight: It's true. 
 
Pam: [Michael walks in dressed as Willy Wonka] Good morning, Michael.
Michael: Oh, no, no, no, no. I am not Michael. I am Willy Wonkaaaaa. 
Pam: Good morning, Mr. Wonka, here are your messages.
Michael: Why thank you very much. [notices jelly beans] Oh, what are those? What are those? Tell me, please!
Pam: Jelly beans.
Michael: No, no, no. They are not just ordinary jelly beans little girl. These are extraordinary jelly beans! 
 
Michael: The Willy Wonka Golden Ticket promotional idea is probably the best idea I have ever had. It's probably the best idea anybody has ever had. Three days ago, I slipped five pieces of gold paper into random paper shipments. This entitles the customer to ten percent off of their total order. It will be a day for them that is full of whimsy, and full of excitement and full of fantasy. 
 
Michael: I've written these things because it is my responsibility, as manager of this branch, to profiligate great ideas and I think I have done my part with the golden ticket promotion. Now it is your turn. I want to hear some great ideas from you that are just as good as mine. [Jim raises hand] Umm hmm.
Jim: We own our own delivery trucks. We could lease them out on the weekends --
Michael: Too many words. Good ideas are simple. 'Golden ticket.'
Jim: 'Free paper.'
Michael: No. Jim. We're a business. Post-its. That is a golden ticket idea. NASA took five or six golden ticket ideas to get man on the moon. 
Andy: Golden Girls. That's a golden ticket idea, right, I mean how great was that show? Golden Grahams. Another, is it -- I don't get this... 
Michael: No, you don't. No, it - [sighs] What will be the state of this company if I am the only one coming up with the great ideas? Right? 
 
Kevin: I think I should call her. 
Andy: No! No! No! 
Kevin: Why is it so bad for me to call and ask her to lunch today? 
Andy: [sighs] You're making it too easy for her. You're just conveying, 'Oh I like you just the way you are.'
Kevin: But I do like her just the way she is. 
Andy: Well that's not what we agreed on. 
Jim: What are you doing? 
Andy: Huh?
Jim: [to Kevin] Why don't you just go out on a date with her? Try to spark up an on going joke and then in a month or two, if it feels right, you'll know. 
Andy: No.
Pam: You don't have to wait that long. I mean, you don't have to wait a month to ask her out. Just ask her out. 
Andy: You're asking him to give up all of his power. 
Jim: What power? 
 
Kevin: Andy, Pam, and Jim are all telling me how to deal with this girl that I like, Lynn. I, I don't like getting advice from more than one person at a time. I'm a textbook over-thinker. 
 
Andy: You can't let a girl feel good about herself. It will backfire on you. Every compliment has to be backhanded. 'Oh I like your dress, but I'd like it more if you had prettier hair.'
Pam: That's psychotic. Do guys actually do that? 
Jim: Well guys with girlfriends don't.
Andy: That's low, Tuna. 
 
Jim: [on phone] Hey, Tom. What's that? Oh, you found a golden ticket. [puts hand on receiver and speaks to office] One of my clients found a golden ticket. [Michael screams in excitement] [Jim back on phone] Yup. No, congratulations. [Michael dances in background]
Michael: Woo hoo. 
Jim: [on phone] I'll take that down right now. 
Michael: Tell me; was it a spoiled little girl with big lips... 
Jim: I'm on the phone. 
Michael: ...or an odd little boy with a cowboy obsession? 
Jim: [on phone] Hold on one second. 
Michael: Invite them on the tour. 
Jim: [to Michael] It's actually Blue Cross from Pennsylvania. 
Michael: Really? That's kind of a big client. [gets up and heads toward Oscar] Hey, Oscar. Woo hoo hoo. Um, how much of a hit is ten percent of our Blue Cross account?
Oscar: Ten percent? 
Michael: Yeah?
Oscar: They're our largest client. 
Michael: Yeah.
Oscar: It's gonna hurt.
Jim: [on phone] Hold on one sec. Hold on one sec, Tom, what's that? You found five golden tickets? And does it say limit one per customer? Nope, it doesn't. 
 
Jim: How do you not spread out the tickets into different shipments? 
Michael: I thought I did. So...
Jim: OK...
Michael: Well no harm no foul.
Jim: ...well I'm going to call corporate to make sure that they know I didn't lose half my sales.
Michael: You didn't, but... it'll be fine. It'll be good. 
 
Michael: Hey. Hey. Hey. You idiot.
Darryl: Start over. 
Michael: Sir. I placed a bunch of golden tickets into five separate boxes and some how they all ended up with Blue Cross. How does this happen? 
Darryl: Were the boxes near each other?
Michael: Irrelevant. 
Darryl: I put three pallets on the truck to Blue Cross once a week. They use a lot of paper. 
Michael: OK, I'm going to ask you something and I want you to be honest. What is a pallet? 
 
Michael: My golden ticket idea? OK. Why would anyone think that this is my golden ticket idea? There is a one in 13 chance that this could be anybody's golden ticket idea. [sighs] That... [sighs]
 
Pam: Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Oh hi ,David. [Michael shakes his head to Pam] No, I'm sorry he's not back from the Civil Rights rally. I'll have him call you the minute he gets back from the Lincoln Memorial.
 
Pam: When Michael's skirting a phone call, he gave me a list of places to say he is. 'Stopping a fight in the parking lot. ' 'An Obama fashion show. ' Whatever... that is. Or 'trapped in an oil painting.' I'm gonna save that one. 
 
Michael: Nobody panic. The good news is... they can't fire all of us, right? 
Oscar: They can.
Michael: No, they can't. 
Oscar: Yes, they can. 
Michael: Oscar, you don't know what the hell you are talking about.
Oscar: Michael, what do you think shutting down a branch is?
Michael: Alright, then we're screwed. I am just a net that traps all of your crappy subconscious ideas and adds a little bit of my own childhood memories and whimsy, so - 
Jim: So, well I lost a ton of money today and I have a mortgage, so I'm a little pissed too. 
Michael: Thank you, Jim is with me.
Jim: Absolutely not, I'm mad at you.
Michael: Well you know what Jim? It is not my fault that you bought a house to impress Pam. That is why carnations exist.
Creed: That's not why.
Michael: OK, we need a gold ticket idea to get us out of this mess. [Pam raises hand] Yes.
Pam: Does that mean an idea that blows up in our faces later? [Pam's phone rings]
Jim: Good one. 
Michael: OK, don't get that. Please? [Pam gets up to answer her phone]
Stanley: I've got a golden ticket idea. Why don't you skip on up to the roof and jump off?
Michael: That is not constructive.
Pam: [on phone] Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. Oh hi, David. He's having a colonoscopy. Alright, I'll find out if he's out yet. 
 
Michael: [on phone] Hello David. I just got back from my procedure, so--
David: [on speaker phone] Michael, what the hell is going on here?
Michael: How are you doing? 
David: Fine. What is going on? 
Michael: [reading from computer] My colonoscopy was an examination of my large colon and the distal part of my small bowel with a camera.
David: Why did you OK this golden ticket idea? We're going to lose a fortune, Michael. How could you let this happen? 
Michael: Well, there is an explanation that involves me not letting it happen and I just don't... I don't know.
David: How could you not know Michael? 
Michael: I think we might have hired an outside marketing consultant. 
David: Might have hi--- OK, what firm?
Michael: You're breaking up.
David: Michael? 
Michael: OK, I think, it might have been an inside consultant. 
David: Was it the sales department? 
Michael: Yes. 
David: Was it Jim? 
Michael: No.
David: OK, was it Dwight? 
Michael: [long pause] Yes.
 
Michael: [Dwight walks in] Come on in. Good to see ya, have a seat. I just wanted to congratulate you on that great golden ticket idea.
Dwight: That was your idea. 
Michael: Woah, wow, who told you that? 
Dwight: You did. Several times. Over and over again. 
Michael: [same time as Dwight] No, I don't think I ever did. That was your idea Dwight. 
Dwight: [same time as Michael] You were dressed as Willy Wonka so... 
Michael: I'm not taking... I'm not taking... 
Dwight: Wasn't my idea. Loved - but I can't. 
Michael: Wait a second, wait a second, I wrote it down in my diary.
Dwight: You don't keep a diary.
Michael: Yes I do. You've just never seen it. [reading from diary] March 4th. Dwight came up with the best idea today about golden tickets. 
Dwight: Hold that thought. [Dwight gets up and gets own diary from desk and returns] [flipping through diary] March... 4th. Michael Scott came up with golden ticket idea to give five customers ten perfect off for one year. 
Michael: Why do you have a diary?
Dwight: To keep secrets from my computer. 
Michael: OK, you know what? You came up with this idea. I remember you told me that you loved the Willy Wonka movie when you were growing up.
Dwight: Impossible.
Michael: Yes, you did.
Dwight: I wasn't given candy as a child, so a movie that fetish-ized it that much, would have made no sense to me. Plus, we weren't allowed to see movies. So... do the math. 
Michael: What are you writing? [Dwight writes in diary]
Dwight: Had conversation with Michael about taking credit for an idea that wasn't mine. Discussed movies. 
Michael: Would you like to go to lunch with me? Just the two of us? 
Dwight: With all my heart. 
 
Kevin: You guys are throwing a lot at me.
Jim: All I'm saying is that it's a first dates, so just keep a respectful distance. 
Kevin: Right.
Pam: I don't think Jim means to say that you shouldn't touch her.
Jim: No, that is what I mean.
Pam: [to Jim] Shush. [to Kevin] Kevin, a playful touch on the arm, or on the back, it can show your interest and it's really romantic. 
Kevin: [puts hand on Jim's hand] Like that?
Jim: No, stop it.
Andy: Don't touch her. Don't talk to her. Don't look at her.
 
Andy: [Jim, Andy and Pam all talking over each other] ...turn into this black and carbon brick-where this barbeque sauce of shame and rage and two hot people with a perfect relationship would not understand that. 
 
Michael: We think a lot alike. Sometimes you will think something and I will say what you're thinking--
Dwight: OK, what am I thinking right now?
Michael: Umm, nacho chips. 
Dwight: No... How skin is the largest organ of the body. 
Michael: Oh, OK. Let me just cut to the chase, Dwight. I want you to fall on your sword for me.
Dwight: Oh, not gonna happen. 
 
Dwight: I did fall on my sword once. I was running with it in my belt. Won't happen again. 
 
Michael: Why do you even want to stay at Dunder Mifflin? I mean what's the point? You're cooped up in there all day. You don't get to do your farming. You're not dating Angela anymore. It doesn't matter if you get fired for taking credit for the gold ticket idea. It doesn't matter. Me on the other hand, I would be lost without this place. You, way too manly.
Dwight: What about Shoe La La?
Michael: [sighs] It's not ready yet. 
 
Michael: I have an idea for a fancy men's shoe store called Shoe La La. And it's just men's shoes for the special occasions in a man's life, like the day that you get married or the day your wife has a baby, or for just lounging around the house. 
 
Michael: May I have your attention please. I have an announcement. Mr. Dwight Schrute and I just returned from a wonderful stroll together and although I probably will never do it again, I had fun. I really had fun with my best friend, Dwight. 
Oscar: These aren't announcements. 
Michael: Yes they are, you just don't care about the information. 
 
Dwight: I love working here and I do not want to leave. 
Michael: He doesn't love it that much. Wouldn't be such a bad thing for him to be fired. 
Dwight: Well... 
Michael: I mean, like we were talking about that is why he has come to the conclusion... 
Dwight: We discussed the fact that I'm cooped up here instead of experiencing the whole wide world. 
Michael: Right.
Dwight: No plowing my own acres. Going around shirtless all day. You know experiencing freedom.
Michael: That's it. That's it. You can't put a price on freedom. 
Dwight: Try me.
Michael: That's why you made the decision. That's why you made... 
Dwight: I haven't made a decision yet.
Michael: You kind of have. 
Dwight: No. 
Michael: Yes.
 
Jim: You cannot take the fall for him.
Dwight: He said he would do the same for me. 
Jim: He can do the same for you. Right now. By getting fired instead of you. So what are you gonna do? 
Dwight: I'm gonna go back to work. After I write you up for insubordination.
Jim: There it is.
 
Michael: [seeing David Wallace come into the office] Oh my God. Dwight! Dwight! Get in--- what's it gonna be, what are you gonna do? [Dwight runs into Michael's office] What's it gonna be? Are you gonna do this thing for me? Dwight? [David knocks on Michael's door and opens door] Hey David, how are you? Good to see you. Nice surprise. Dwight and I were just having a very unfortunate conversation. 
David: That's too bad. 
Michael: Yes it is, but it had to be done, didn't it?
David: Hopefully, nothing that can't be undone because Dwight I owe you an apology. The head of Blue Cross just called. They were so excited about the golden ticket discount that they have decided to make Dunder Mifflin their exclusive provider of all office supplies. Congratulations Dwight. [holds out hand for handshake]
Dwight: David... you're welcome. [Dwight and David shake hands and make exclamations]
 
David: I just want to say that this golden ticket idea is one of the most brilliant signs of initiative I have ever seen at this company and how about a big round of applause for Mr. Dwight Schrute? [everyone starts clapping] 
David: Alright Dwight. This is huge.
Dwight: That's what she said! [David laughs]
Michael: Hey, Dwight, great idea. Dwight, Dwight, great idea. How'd you come up with that idea? 
Dwight: Inspiration.
Michael: Really? How did-- how are you inspired? How did it pop into your head Dwight?
Dwight: [same time as Michael] You never know when it's gonna strike. Just... boom. 
Michael: Give me the details of how that happened.
Jim: You, you are taking about Dwight Schrute. The biggest Wonka fan I know. I mean, you've been talking about that movie for years.
Michael: What? 
Jim: And you know what? I even made fun of you when you dressed up as Willy Wonka to pitch this idea and for that I apologize. 
Dwight: Apology rejected.
Pam: [going up to give Dwight a hug] Thanks for much for helping the company, Dwight. 
Dwight: Oh Pam. 
Creed: Good work, kid. 
Dwight: Thanks old man. 
David: This, this is great. OH, OK, look I want to get you on the horn with the marketing people in New York. The should meet you. 
Dwight: Yeah.
David: Pam, could you set up a call in there in about 15 minutes, please?
Pam: Sure. 
Michael: David? David? 
Dwight: [same time as Michael] 'Cause I've got this idea... 
Michael: David? 
David: Yeah?
Michael: Could I be a part of the meeting also?
David: You probably have too much to do around here. I don't want to uh, take up your time with another meeting. 
Jim: Yeah, let's face it. This meeting sounds like it's Wonka fans only. He's never seen the movie. [David laughs] 
Dwight: Alright. 
 
David: [on speakerphone] Hey guys, I have with me Dwight Schrute. Dwight, take it away. 
Dwight: OK guys, listen up. Here's the deal. I love candy. Sweet sugary candy from the second it touches my tongue to the moment it's metabolized by my stomach acids, so naturally I liked Willy Wonka. 
Man on phone: Wait, do you guys hear that? There's not a dog listening in, is there? [cut to show Michael on the other line] I hear panting.
David: No. No dogs. 
Dwight: So I love Willy Wonka. That golden ticket scene is so inspiring to me that that's where I cam up with that idea [Michael comes into conference room].
Michael: There is no movie called Willy Wonka. It's called Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
Pam: It's actually based on a book called Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Dwight: Pam... 
Michael: I can't... vouch for that. But I do know this. He is a liar. He has taken my idea.
Dwight: That is my idea. 
David: [on phone] We are gonna call you back guys. [to Michael] What is going on here?
Michael: OK, here's what happened, David. It was all my idea. You called me and you were really angry at me and I got scared, so I had Dwight take the fall, but now, it turns out that it's a great idea and Dwight will not confess. Can you believe that? 
David: No, no.
Dwight: It is my idea.
Michael: Oh how dare you. 
Dwight: It is my idea. I'm filled with good ideas. Thousands of good ideas.
Michael: You are? Good ideas, huh? Hey, did you come up with toilet buddy? It's a net, circular net, that you put inside the toilet to catch all of your change and your wallet from falling into the toilet? Formally known as toilet guard? 
Dwight: Horse Boat. 
Michael: Oh please.
Dwight: A canoe built around your horse so you can go from riding to water travel without slowing down. Horse Boat!
Michael: Toilet sponge. It's a hollowed out sponge...
Dwight: Oh give me a break.
Michael: ...that is more absorbent, and softer than toilet paper. I have a lot of toilet ideas. 
Dwight: That's because they're easy! 
Michael: They're not easy. Everybody has to go to the bathroom. 
Dwight: [same time as Michael] Women's urinals... uh... 
David: [same time as Michael and Dwight] Guys, guys. OK, enough. Please, enough. What, is this true, Dwight? I mean, is this true? 
Dwight: Yes, it's Michael's idea that he forced on me on threat of death. 
Michael: Thank You!
David: What, I don't -- what do you want me to do now, Michael? What am I supposed to do now? 
Michael: Well David, I will be honest with you. I do want the credit without any of the blame.
David: OK, uhh... I am going back to New York. Pam, do me a favor, don't send me those notes. 
Pam: OK.
David: I am gone. 
 
Michael: When they look back on this day in the history books all that will be remembered is that I had a good idea. And that's what I am going to write down in my diary. That is what I want you to write down in yours. 
Dwight: Oh I am. In my own words. 
Michael: I want to see it. 
Dwight: No.
Michael: I want to see it. [Michael gets up to try to see Dwight's diary]
Dwight: No, Michael. 
Michael: Give me... Give me the diary. 
Dwight: No! [Michael struggles to take Dwight's diary from his hand]
 
Lynn: Hi.
Kevin: Lynn, I'm just gonna say to you everything that I am thinking. 
Lynn: OK.
Kevin: I think you have the best smile. I'd like to take you out to dinner and a movie. 
Lynn: OK.
Kevin: Nice. [Both laugh] Boobs. [Lynn blushes]
 
Andy: Well, it's uh, his funeral. So... neh! 
 
Dwight: Ding dong. 
Jim: Who is it?
Dwight: KGB.
Jim: Alright. I just got out of the shower, I'll be one second. 
Dwight: [in accent] When you are done, open the door. ... Hello in there?
Jim: Yeah, I'm late for work, so I have to brush my teeth, it's a whole routine. 
Dwight: We have more houses to visit. 
Jim: If you want to come back then, that'll be fine. 
Dwight: We will come back at... how is [looks at watch] 4:45?
Jim: I get back from work around 6.
Dwight: How about 5:15? 
Jim: You can try. That, that might work. 
Dwight: Very well, we will come back at 5:15.
Jim: Alright. 

Dwight: Michael, since it is your fifteenth anniversary at the company, I thought it might be appropriate to begin the festivities with a fifteen-minute round of applause. 
Michael: I like it.
Dwight: Followed by a fifteen minute moment of silence.
Jim: [wearing a tuxedo] I don't know. Is it classy enough?
Dwight: Jim! Enough with the classy, ok?
Jim: I just feel like after fifteen years at this company, bravo by the way, that we should celebrate with a very classy event, a night to remember.
Michael: I think you're right. This party has to have all the excitement, drama and intrigue of my time here.
Jim: And of course, classy.
Michael: And classy, yeah.
Dwight: Michael, you're just agreeing with him because he's wearing a tux. Don't you see what he's doing here? 
 
Jim: Last week, Dwight sent out a memo about the dress code. So, this is me showing him that I'm taking it very seriously. 
 
Dwight: Oh, here's one: a string quartet, playing classy-cal music. [Jim grimaces]
Michael: [watches Jim grimace, copies him] You know, that's good but it's not classy. I-I need something classy like the opening of a car dealership.
Jim: That's it. Or Mr. Peanut.
Michael: Yes.
Dwight: Mr. Peanut is not classy.
Michael: He is.
Dwight: He is a regular peanut. He just happens to have a cane, a monocle and a top hat.
Michael: That's what makes him classy.
Dwight: Ok, how about this? An ice sculpture, shaped like you, covered in chocolate-covered strawberries.
Jim: Oh, Dwight, you're trying too hard, and that's just not classy. You see, the thing about classy is it's a state of mind. 
Dwight: Well, I'm sorry, I just don't know what classy is then.
Jim: Ok, well let's just try this one on for size. And I apologize because it's right off the top of my head: an ice sculpture. Of you. Completely surrounded by a variety of chocolate-covered fruits.
Michael: Strawberries?
Jim: That's inspired.
Dwight: I said that! [storms out, slams door behind him]
Pam: Not classy.
Michael: Not classy at all.
Jim: De class.
Michael: French. Classy.
 
Pam: Hi, can I help you?
Charles: Yeah, I'm Charles Miner, here to see Michael Scott.
Pam: Sure. Just one second. Please have a seat. 
Michael: [on speakerphone] Yes?
Pam: Michael, there's a Charles Miner here to see you.
Michael: Miner? I hardly know her!... Hello?
Pam: Yeah, are you coming out now?
Michael: Uh-huh. [comes out of office] Well, well, well, who have we here? Ah, it is Prince Charles Miner. [shakes Charles' hand] At your service. Everybody, this is Sir Charles Miner and he is the new VP for the Northeast region. So, just give it up for this big guy, right? Give it up. [leads round of applause] Here he is.
Charles: I-I was-
Michael: Wow! Hold that thought. I want everybody to go into the break room. I have a little surprise for you. Go ahead. You too. Dwight, would you escort our guest in there? C'mon, here we go, don't be shy, don't be shy, you're one of us . [whispers] Dwight, stall him a little, I have to get the fish.
Jim: Hey.
Michael: Yes.
Jim: Really wish you would have told me the new boss was coming today.
Michael: What? No, I didn't want to make everybody nervous.
Jim: Nope. I mean, I could have brought a change of clothes, or-
Michael: You look dynamite. What are you talking about? Very slick. Ok, get the fish.
 
Dwight: Originally founded in 1866, Scranton quickly became one of Pennsylvania's largest anthracite coal-mining communities.
Michael: Surprise, there is nothing in here. The real surprise is in the conference room. Let's go! [swings arm above head for everyone to come, hits doorframe] Oh! God! Ok, come on, come on!
Dwight: We'll finish it up later, but essentially what we're talking about is...
 
Michael: Surprise! [unveils bagels sitting on table] As you can see, I turned the bagels from O's into C's, for Charles. 
Charles: Thank you.
Michael: Took me all night.
Pam: This is what you did last night?
 
Michael: I met this guy at corporate last week and we were just digging each other's vibe. I was totally grooving on him and vice-versa. And besides, the last two people to have his job were Jan and Ryan. The former was my lover, and the latter my best friend. So, who knows? I do. [in British cockney accent] It's gonna be mental! It's going to be mental.
 
Kelly: My god, he's like a black George Clooney.
Angela: Really? I don't see it. I mean, he's ok, he's not unattractive, it's. . . 
 
Jim: Hey, how you doing? Jim Halpert, sales. Just wanted to say, if you need anything, let me know.
Charles: Why are you wearing a tuxedo?
Jim: I didn't think you'd notice. [laughs nervously] Uh, it's funny actually, there's another salesman out here, Dwight Schrute, and he sent out this memo, as he always does, and, uh, it was about professionalism in the workplace. Of course, he singled me out. So I just had to mess with him. 
Charles: Uh.
Jim: Oh, you'd understand if you read the memo which I should probably get you, there's probably one in a drawer... uh. It was pretty crazy. But, uh, not more crazy than wearing a tux, at work, I grant you that... so, uh.
Charles: Your name is Jim?
Jim: Jim Halpert, yep. So, um, just going to let you get back to it... [being pulled away by Pam]
 
Pam: He just had to wear his tux today.
Jim: I thought it'd be funny.
Pam: Took him 40 minutes to get ready.
 
Michael: All right, let me introduce you to some of the troops. Accounting, front and center. Come on up here. I'd like you to meet somebody. This is the accounting department. 
Charles: Hey, I come from accounting, too.
Michael: Oh, nerd alert! 
Kevin: Ni-
Michael: This is Oscar Martinez. He is Latino. And he just got out of a long-term relationship with a man, Gil, who broke his heart. But he didn't bring any of that into work, it did not affect his job performance whatsoever and I am very proud of him for that. 
Charles: Hey, Oscar, it's good to meet you.
Michael: This little hell-raiser is Angela. She has slept with a bunch of different guys in the office. One over there, in the orange [points to Andy]
Andy: Hey-o!
Michael: There you go! Where's the other?
Charles: You know, Michael, I don't need to know everyone's sexual history.
Michael: Well, perfect, because we have now arrived at Kevin and he has no sexual history. 
Kevin: Hey!
Charles: How about I just say hi to everyone at one time?
Michael: Good. Good, good, good. Everyone, please give it up for Charles Miner. [claps]
Charles: Thank you, Michael. Thank you for the C-shaped bagels.
Michael: Oh! Well...
Charles: That's great.
Michael: Above and beyond.
Charles: Hey, you know we're in tough times and we're not immune to this economy.
Michael: That's true.
Charles: But the goal is to, you know, fight our way through this.
Stanley: [clears throat, raises his hand] Stanley Hudson. Are there gonna be layoffs?
Michael: No. Absolutely not.
Charles: Uh, hold on, Michael, thank you. Uh, Stanley, you know, we can't make any promises, but we'll try everything in our power to avoid that.
Oscar: Do you have specifics?
Charles: Sp-Well, um, Michael should have filled you in last week.
Michael: Well, due to the economy, there is a lot of worry going around. I didn't want to worry people.
Charles: You didn't tell them.
Michael: Well, why don't-
Charles: Yeah, I will. What I told Michael last week-
Michael: Charles is going to tell you.
Charles: Is that we are cutting three percent across the board, which means we will no longer be matching 401k contributions. All overtime requests will need to come through the corporate office. 
Stanley: Fantastic.
Michael: Well, it's not official.
Charles: It is official. It is official. And actually, guys, I'm encouraging branches to consider a freeze on discretionary spending.
Michael: Such as salary, benefits, etc, etc. Insurance.
Charles: No, no, not salaries. Petty cash, supplies, and uh, you know, parties.
Michael: Well-
Dwight: What about your party? 
Michael: Ok, ok, you know what? I think this has been great. I think this gives us a lot to think about, doesn't it? Charles Miner, ladies and gentlemen. [starts round of applause] He has a long trip home. Thank you for coming in. We have to get back to work. 
Charles: Michael, I'm going to stay for the day.
Michael: Oh no, no, no. You don't have to do that. I've got this covered. This was just a meet-and-greet. 
Charles: No, it's a little bit more than that. I'm going to set up in here, ok?
 
Michael: I am thrilled that the new boss has taken such an active interest in all of the responsibilities that I'm supposed to have. Thrilled.
 
Michael: [on speakerphone] David, it was my understanding that I was not going to be managed.
David: What gave you that idea?
Michael: It was my understanding. 
David: I see.
Michael: Listen, why don't we just leave that position vacant? Truth be told, I think I thrive under a lack of accountability. 
David: Look, Michael, Charles is very qualified. Get to know him. I really think the two of you are going to make a great team. 
Michael: But the branch is still mine?
David: You're still the branch manager, yes, and if you need anything else at all, just let Charles know. 
Dwight: Ask him about the party.
Michael: Oh, right. David, are you coming to my fifteenth anniversary party? 
David: I'll give it my best shot, Michael.
Dwight: No the other thing.
Michael: Oh, ok. If we hire Cirque de Soleil as salaried employees, will that help us with year-end tax stuff? [several seconds of silence]
Dwight: He hung up?
David: No.
 
Michael: I just got off the horn with David Wallace, and he said that you and I should try to get to know each other better. And I agree, so what I would like you to do is tell me something that you've never told anybody before.
Charles: No. 
Michael: Come on. What's your wife's name? Where did you work before you came here?
Charles: Saticoy Steel.
Michael: Beautiful. See, African-Americans have such a rich history of unusual names. 
Charles: No, I worked at a company called Saticoy Steel.
Michael: You're not from paper?
Charles: No.
Michael: Does David know this?
Charles: Yeah, he knows. He just wants a good manager. 
Michael: Well that, actually, is an excellent segue into really what is my only point-
Charles: And what is that?
Michael: And that- I-I don't need to be managed, Charles. And if you want pick up some tips, observing here, and take them to the other branches, it's all good. But Jan would mostly come by when she was super horny, and Ryan would come by to visit his parents and do laundry, so... Are we clear?
Charles: That's not how I plan on doing things.
Michael: Ok, alright, well I'll just bounce that off David, see what comes back.
Charles: I'll tell David what he needs to know. Sorry. David wants it this way. 
Michael: Whatever David wants.
Charles: Ok.
 
Michael: [on phone] Michael Scott calling for David. Well, just tell him to call me ASAP as possible. Thanks.
Dwight: Oh, Michael, come on, no. You have to charm 'em. [calls back on speakerphone]
Stephanie: David Wallace's office.
Dwight: Hey there, gorgeous. How you doing today?
Stephanie: Good. Thank you.
Dwight: How's it hanging?
Stephanie: Alright. . .
Dwight: Good. Listen, my name is, uh, Michael... Scotch. And, uh, I just wanted to say that, uh, I've got David Wallace's son in the trunk of my car. If he doesn't get on this phone in 5 seconds-
Michael: No! You idiot! [hangs up] Idiot, idiot, idiot! What are you doing? God! Oh my god. [redials] 
Stephanie: David Wallace's office.
Michael: Hi Stephanie, it's Michael Scott again. I just spoke with Michael Scotch and the son's going to be returned, everything's fine. 
Stephanie: Michael...
Michael: And I really really need to talk to David.
Stephanie: Please hold.
Charles: [on cell phone] Charles Miner. Hello? Hello, who is this? Who is this?
Michael: I was never given a name. [hangs up, he and Dwight sigh in relief]
 
[Jim yawns at desk, looks up to see Charles watching him from conference room, looks up again to see Charles peering through blinds, Dwight smiles]
 
Pam: [to delivery men] Uh, hi, can I help you? I don't think anyone here-
Charles: Oh, uh, Pam? Hey everyone, lunch is on me today.
Angela: That is so unnecessary!
Michael: Are you kidding me with this? On the day that I bring in breakfast?
Charles: It's no big deal.
Michael: I wish you had told us sooner, because I was going to go to the vending machine and get an egg salad.
Charles: You still have that option. [Michael sighs]
Angela: Thanks again, Charles.
Kelly: Thank you.
Michael: Nobody thanked me.
Jim: Thanks, Charles.
Michael: For breakfast. Except Charles. You say no more parties, and then you spend all of this money on lunch, I think it's a little hypercritical. 
Charles: I do this for every branch I go to. If you do not like it, then I think there are some bagels left over from this morning.
 
Michael: [on phone] Damn it, Stephanie, put me through to him. Is that him in the background? David? David! David, pick up the phone!
 
Kelly: Should I seduce him?
Angela: No. No one wants to see that. [both smile at David]
 
Kevin: Michael?
Michael: Yep. 
Kevin: I just realized that I used the 2008 calendar to do the spreadsheets for January and February. I may need to come in this weekend to fix it.
Michael: Do some overtime? You want to do some overtime this weekend? You know what, Kevin, I applaud your initiative. Yes. You may.
Charles: Uh, no, sorry, Michael. No, Kevin, right? We're going to need you to do that during office hours.
Kevin: Ok.
Charles: Ok.
Michael: Kevin? This is my branch. You don't ask Charles. You ask me. I say, approved.
Charles: That's not the way it's gonna work.
Michael: Yes it is!
Charles: No, it is not. 
Michael: No, it is not.
Charles: Ok, so we're on the same page, great.
Michael: Ok, so we're on the same page, great.
Charles: Ok, Michael, what are you doing? 
Michael: Ok, Michael, what are you doing? 
Charles: No, seriously.
Michael: No, seriously.
Charles: How old are you?
Michael: How old are you?
Pam: Oh no.
 
Pam: I can tell Michael's mood by which comedy routine he chooses to do, the more infantile, the more upset he is. And he just skipped the Ace Ventura talking butt thing. He never skips it. This is bad.
 
Charles: Five years old?
Michael: Five years old?
Andy: Duuudes, stop.
Employees: [as Michael continues imitating Charles] Not a good idea, Michael. Michael, stop. Stop doing that. Stop it. You're going to get all of us in trouble.
Charles: I will walk away.
Michael: I'm gonna walk away.
Andy: Stop doing that!
Michael: I'm kidding around, wow! Relax, everybody, it's just a joke. It's fine. Boy, so touchy. PPC, let's continue our morning meeting in the conference room. 
 
Pam: And then, out of that cake, pops another stripper holding a smaller cake. And then an even smaller stripper pops out of that one. 
Michael: What is that smaller stripper holding?
Pam: Cupcake. It's cupcakes and strippers all the way down.
Michael: Ok. 
 
Charles: What exactly is the PPC?
Phyllis: Oh, that's the Party Planning Committee. They spend hours planning parties.
 
Charles: Excuse me, guys. What's going on in here?
Michael: Party Planning Committee. Not your concern, Charles.
Charles: This doesn't seem like a good way to spend company time.
Michael: Really? Well then how would we come up with great ideas like Jim's? Go ahead.
Jim: No, I would like to get back to work, actually, please. 
Charles: Whatcha got, Jim?... What is a two-way petting zoo?
Jim: You pet the animals and they pet you back. 
Michael: It's a great idea. And we have a cake in the shape of a bale of hay.
Pam: It's really just a regular shaped cake.
Michael: But it's cool, and it's-
Charles: This isn't a good use of company time, Michael.
Michael: Whoa. You're talking about my anniversary party, so. . .
Charles: Everyone, except for Michael, go back to your desks.
Michael: Yeah, why don't you do that? 
Charles: [Dwight, Jim and Pam leave] Thank you very much.
Michael: Yeah, here we go. Ok.
Charles: Ok, Michael, I'm dissolving this committee. 
Michael: What?
Charles: Yeah, I mean, come on. This is a work place. It isn't designed for your vanity.
Michael: Newsflash: I've been here for fifteen years. Headline: You have been here one day. End of story. You have no right to cancel my fifteenth anniversary party. End of story. End of story. End of story!
Charles: I don't know if I have hurt your feelings or you do not disagree with my methods, but it is over.
Michael: Ok, no, no, no, no. No. You know what? I'm going to New York. And I am going to talk to David Wallace. [gets jacket] I'm going to tell him everything. And I'm sorry to say, you're screwed. And, you know what? You are gonna be through. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry to do that to you. Do you even know how paper is made? It's not like steel. You don't put it into a furnace. If you put paper into a furnace, you know what would happen? You'd ruin it. [pushes chair as he leaves]
 
Charles: [Jim knocks on door] Come in.
Jim: Hey. 
Charles: Hey.
Jim: Alright, Charles, I've gotta be honest. I think we really got off on the wrong foot here. And, truth be told, I'm a pretty smart guy, and, uh, a hard-worker. And a great number two for the office.
Charles: Number two?
Jim: Second-in-command to Michael. 
Charles: Oh, I didn't know that position existed.
Jim: Oh, that's because at first it was a made up position for Dwight, just to make him feel better, assistant to the regional manager. But then he lost that, and Michael gave it to me.
Charles: So you're the assistant to the regional manager?
Jim: Assistant regional manager, yeah.
Charles: Any responsibilities come with it?
Jim: No, not exactly.
Charles: So you keep this made up position? It's important to you? 
Jim: Alright, I will, um, I'm just gonna let you get back to that.
Charles: Yeah, would you, uh?
Jim: Yep. [shuts door behind him]
 
Michael: Hello, Stephanie. Ok, where is he? [looks into empty office]
 
David: [coming out from bathroom] Michael. 
Michael: [points to bathroom door] So is this the meeting you've been in all day?
David: How did you get here, Michael?
Michael: I drove.
David: Ok. 
 
Michael: Cancelled my fifteenth anniversary party. Just pulled the rug out from under me. And he said no figs. I've already bought em. And I don't have a place to store them. So, I feel like I've been sort of boned.
David: Michael. Listen-
Michael: Do you talk to him about this? You've talked to him all day, obviously. Did you talk to him about this?
David: Well, I didn't know about the figs, specifically. . .
Michael: Ok. Then I don't get it. It doesn't make any sense to me. Because I thought in the new system I was supposed to talk to Charles, and then Charles was supposed to talk to you, and that would dilute any need for me to ever talk to you again.
David: That's not exactly-
Michael: Clearly that's what you wanted. 
David: No.
Michael: Fifteen years I have been here. And I have sacrificed a lot. 
David: Yes.
Michael: I've put having a family on hold. 
David: We didn't ask you to do that. 
Michael: And I've never gone hang-gliding. And I've never driven my car to the top of Mount Washington. 
 
Charles: Ok. Nice meeting everyone. I'll see you in a couple of weeks. 
Andy: Cool.
Dwight: Excellent.
Angela: It was very nice meeting you, Charles Miner. 
Jim: See ya. See ya. [Charles leaves] Bye!
 
Jim: And for my next trick, I will make my career disappear. 
 
Kelly: I could see our kids facing obstacles being half-Black and half-Indian, but it's so worth it, you guys.
Phyllis: It's just me here.
Kelly: I am going to get him to buy me a prime rib tonight. 
Phyllis: I think he left.
Kelly: What?! Move! [pushes cameraman out of the way]
 
Angela: [Kelly runs to parking lot in the rain] Hello, Charles? Charles!
Kelly: Hey! Is that his scarf?
Angela: No! [Kelly chases Angela through parking lot]
 
Angela: [out of breath and wet] Charles and Kelly? Absolutely not. He is a sophisticated man. He does not need to go dumpster-diving for companionship, ok?
 
Michael: I don't understand that after fifteen years of service here, I have to get in the car and drive to New York in order to talk to you. That doesn't seem right to me. That doesn't seem fair. And I think that I've earned more than that.
David: Yeah. You're right. Yes. I get it. I get it, Michael. Here's what I'm going to do-
Michael: Ok.
David: We will move some money around, and I will personally see to it that you have your party, you have your figs. I will be in attendance. It's gonna be great. How's that? 
Michael: [gets up to shake David's hand] I quit. 
David: What?
Michael: You have no idea how high I can fly. 

Michael: I had no idea when I got in that car and headed to New York I was going to quit. I got on that ramp and I thought two hours, two hours to go. Feeling good. Listen to some tunes. Should've peed before I left. 
Kelly: Michael get to the good part.
Michael: Okay, so. I get up to the building, I get to the revolving door... broken! So I have to take the normal door. 
Oscar: At least he is in the building.
Michael: No, No! I was so nervous it was the wrong building! I walked into the wrong building!
Everyone: [groans]
 
Pam: He finally has a story everyone wants to hear... and he knows it.
 
Pam: Okay focus. Focus. You're in the right building, you're with the right people; what happened?
Michael: I looked at Wallace and I said "I quit!" and as I turned to leave I looked back and I said "You have no idea how high I can fly."
Stanley: Did you tell him how sick of him you were?
Michael: Why would I do that?
Angela: Well, wouldn't it feel good to tell him that he was incompetent?
Kevin: That he's wasted 15 years of your life?
Meredith: Did you spit in his face?
Michael: You guys have thought about this a lot more than I have. I just winged it.
 
Oscar: I love a good quitting story. It makes me feel like I have control over my own life. Gives me hope. Maybe I will have one of own someday. [laughs] But I dream... so...
 
Jim: [Michael has a 'sticky-hand' toy and snags a paper off Jim's desk and then laughs] About a week ago, Michael gave his 2-week notice. And, surprisingly there is a very big difference between Michael trying and Michael not trying.
 
Kevin: Michael is that scotch?
Michael: Scotch with Splenda. Tastes like Splenda, gets you drunk like scotch. [in Oscar's ear] Clinky, clinky-clink. Come-on... come on, come on.
 
Michael: [slightly drunk] What am I gonna do? I'll tell ya what I'm gonna do. I gonna do a little bit of this, a little bit of that. I gonna stay up all day. Gonna sleep it up all night. I'm gonna give it a OHH! HEY! HO! And I'm going to stop worrying about calories.
 
Stanley: Maybe you should go into your office, close the door, and make some calls about jobs?
Michael: I have a job.
Andy: For four more days.
Pam: Do you have any leads on a job?
Michael: Pam, what you don't understand is that at my level you just don't look in the want-ads for a job. You are head-hunted. 
Jim: You called any headhunters?
Michael: Any good headhunter knows I am available.
Dwight: Any really good headhunter would storm your village at sunset with overwhelming force and cut off your head with a ceremonial knife,
Jim: Right, cause that's what we are talking about.
Charles: Uh, I need you to go over this client list and indicate any wrong or false data.
Michael: You're 'I need you to' is my command.
Charles: Okay.
 
Andy: Hey Michael... 
Michael: Hey.
Andy: Can I talk to you a minute?
Michael: You can talk to me for as long as you want. I have all the time in the world. [eats some spaghetti] Oh God! Blech! Phyllis! 
Andy: I just wanted to tell you that... Oh What? [takes a present out from behind his back] What's that?
Michael: Oh! Hey. What is this about?
Andy: Um, you know, cause your leaving and so, it's a farewell... 
Michael: Oh. 
Andy: I hope I get to work with you someday again.
Michael: Me too, me too. Is this wine?
Andy: Ah... busted. Yes
Michael: I already have wine. 
Andy: Oh.
 
Isaac: [interviewee enters office] Hello.
Pam: Hi.
Isaac: Isaac Silby here for the interview
Pam: Uh, yes. Please have a seat. It'll be a few minutes.
Isaac: Thank you. [to Michael] You interviewing too?
Michael: Hmm?
Isaac: Interviewing?
Michael: For?
Isaac: Regional manager.
Michael: Yes I am.
 
Charles: For regional manager I've decided to go with an outside hire. For obvious reasons.
 
Michael: Where you from?
Isaac: Philly.
Michael: That's a drive!
Isaac: Yeah, well this is one of the few places that's hiring. It's uh, its brutal out there.
Michael: [sighs]
 
Kevin: Pam?
Pam: Hmm?
Kevin: When will the new copier be ready?
Pam: I'm working on it Kev. 
Kevin: You said it would be ready by today. And it is today.
Pam: It'll be ready soon.
Kevin: Soon could mean anything. Soon could be 3 weeks.
Pam: Is that what 'soon' means to you?
Kevin: Sometimes.
Pam: Then come back soon.
 
Pam: During the course of business, a copier goes though something called 'Normal wear and tear.' 
 
Creed: [feeding coins into a vent] I think it's 75 cents.
Oscar: That's a lot.
 
Angela: [Bandit is chewing on wires] Bandit, No! No no no!
 
Kevin: [dumps coffee all over the copier glass] Oh!
 
Pam: Yesterday, they delivered the new one. But they didn't set it up. So my day just got a little more interesting. [holds up a huge manual]
 
Jim: [overhears loud monster noises] Its Monster dot com. Singular.
Michael: Thank you. [groaning ceases]
 
Michael: You work in paper long enough, you get to know the players. [dials phone]
Phone: Hi, you've reached Prince Paper. We are sad to inform you that after 40 years of serving the community we are no longer in business. Thank you for your support. May God bless you. [girl's voice] Bye!
Michael: [sighs] What am I gong to do? Uh... [chuckles].
 
Michael: PSST! PSST!
Jim: Yeah... .you want me to come in your office? Oh.
 
Michael: Okay, oh okay, okay. Close your eyes.
Jim: I would prefer not to. 
Michael: Just close your eyes. I'm going to start my own paper company.
Jim: You're starting your own paper company?
Michael: yeah!
Jim: Why?
Michael: Can you believe... cause I know paper. I know everything there is to know about paper.
Jim: Do you know the industry is in decline?
Michael: Yeah! Oh God. I practically invented decline.
Jim: Right.
Michael: Right, I know paper, I know how to manage. I have a name, close your eyes. 
Jim: No, I did that before, it added nothing. 
Michael: Close them.
Jim: Okay. [keeps eyes open]
Michael: Alright, Michael Scott Paper Company. You want in? Do you want to be a part of this? 
Jim: I am not gonna do this.
Michael: Obviously.
Jim: And you are not going to, either.
Michael: Oh, agreed, mmm, except...
Jim: Here's the thing. What I wish for you is that you land a job at a company that A, exists, and B, has a salary. Because they're set up to do that kind of thing.
Michael: Hey hey... what's up Chuck?
Charles: Jim.
Jim: Hey.
Charles: what are you doing?
Jim: Nothing, just talking.
Charles: Okay, Michael handed in his 2-week notice, did you also hand in your 2-week?
Jim: I didn't... no.
Charles: Okay. After you.
Michael: No I'm staying.
Charles: Okay.
 
Dwight: [examining the copier manual] Do you want me to translate the German instructions for you?
Pam: No, I'm sure they're pretty much the same as the English instructions.
Dwight: Typical American ignorance that got us involved in a war we never should have been in. World War II.
Pam: That's a really... well fine, Do the German instructions say what this is supposed to do?
Dwight: Deutsch... let me see here. That is either an incense dispenser, or a ceremonial sarcophagus. 
Pam: Hmm...
 
Dwight: My German is pre-industrial and mostly religious.
 
Michael: Pam, listen. This order form. Instead of saying "Dunder Mifflin" at the top is there any way I could get it to say something else? 
Pam: Like Michael Scott Paper Company?
Michael: You... oh. Somebody has been talking in bed. Pillow talk.
Pam: Hmm... yeah. Listen Michael. Have you really thought this through? 'Cause it's a pretty big risk. 
Michael: This is a dream that I have had since lunch, and I am not giving up on it now.
Pam: Yeah... you could give it up though right? And almost nobody would know. 
Michael: Before you got here, I'm the one who landed all these clients. Half of them, at least. I can do it again. I know the market, I know the price points. I'm on it, don't worry. So, how do I do that?
Pam: Well, um, you can scan it, and then you can upload the image, and then you can copy the new image.
Michael: Can't I take some paper and just tape over it with transparent tape?
Pam: Yeah. Good. 
Michael: Thank you very much.
Pam: Mmm-hmm
 
Kelly: So that is why I have to leave at 5: 00 on Tuesday, it's to pick up my little sisters from school. We're really tight. We're like the Kardashians..
Charles: You know, you can run this stuff by Toby. 
Kelly: Yeah I don't like talking... [knock on door]
Charles: Come in... 
Angela: I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were with anyone. I just wanted to bring you the brochure on that accounting seminar that I was telling you about. Earlier.
Kelly: Yep, we were in the middle of something so why don't you just... 
Angela: Okay, um, actually you know it was so much fun last year. There was a Sunday-bar. I mean I didn't have any, you know, to stay trim.
Charles: Did Michael just let anybody in his office?
Angela and Kelly: Yep! Yeah. He just loved having people, communicating all the time. He was like 'Come on in!"
 
Charles: I am aware of the effect I have on woman. 
 
Kelly: So you should be heading back to your desk. 
Angela: Okay. Bye Charles. Well you'll let me know. Good bye.
Kelly: She's such a special person. And she's turning 50 this year.
 
Michael: I'm starting my own paper company. 
Andy: No way!?
Michael: Yeah. 
Andy: In this climate?
Michael: Yeah. In all climates. It's going to be worldwide. And I'm looking for some talented salesmen to join me. That's where you come in.
Andy: Ehh... [in accent] well it's a very intriguing concept, isn't it? Um... hmmm..[makes weird noises to stall, Dwight enters] Michael is starting his own paper company. What do you think about that? 
Dwight: Your own paper company.
Michael: Can you believe it? Well, we'll see, we'll see. It's just a, just a nugget of an idea right now so
Dwight: Right... 
Michael: Potential, lots of potential. yes.
Dwight: What a courageous venture.
Michael: It's... it's very courageous, very exciting. Um...
Dwight: Location is hard for me, with the farm and the responsibilities... 
Michael: That's what I was thinking, with the farm, so... You getting to wherever I'm gonna put my thing.
Dwight: Okay. So yeah.
Michael: So think about it. Lets put a pin in it for now.
Dwight: You know, I would love to put a pin in that. 
 
Pam: Everyone, can I have your attention. This is the moment you've all been waiting for. Right? [drum roll on copier]
Meredith: Little Ms. Thing wants attention.
Pam: Meredith... [copier has an error] Oh... so uh... G-44. It's not ready Kevin!
 
Pam: I'm at a crucial point where I have sunk 4 hours into that copier, and I am not going to let it beat me like that wireless router did.
 
Oscar: [bites his sandwich and notices there is a note in it]
 
Oscar: You put a note in my food?
Michael: I made it sterile.
Oscar: Just to say "sterile" doesn't make it so.
Michael: I am offering you the opportunity of a lifetime, Oscar. To come work for me. 
Oscar: Do you have a business plan? A funding request? Market research, financials?
Michael: No, no no. 
Oscar: You need those things. Most new businesses, they don't make a profit till at least two years. And then your margins will be razor thin. Best case scenario, you don't cut yourself a salary for at least 5 years. Can you go 5 years without a salary, Michael? 
Michael: Okay. 
Oscar: Five years?
Michael: Okay, hey, you already have the job. You don't have to convince me. 
Oscar: It's just not prudent Michael.
 
Michael: [from inside the restroom] Stanley?
Stanley: Can't you see I'm urinating?
Michael: Listen, Listen, Stanley. You don't have to answer me now.
Stanley: No.
Michael: Just... I want you to think about it, I'm starting my own company.
Stanley: No.
Michael: Oh-okay, you're not letting me finish, and you just lost out on a million dollars.
Stanley: No I didn't.
 
Michael: You know what. I had a great time at prom. And no one said 'Yes' to that either.
 
Pam: How's it working?
Phyllis: Um, let's see... it's fine.
Pam: Good.
 
Pam: I did it. I learned everything about this machine. I know all the buttons, even the inside ones. I know all the error messages. I could do a bound book, in plastic with offset colors. Which feels... 
 
Charles: Hey Hank, You ready?
Hank: Yeah.
Charles: Okay, Michael?
Michael: Hmm?
Charles: I can't pretend I haven't seen that. So I am going e to ask you to stand up, walk out. And you can't take anything.
Michael: Okay, I have immunity. It's my two-weeks... 
Charles: not if you're starting your own paper company, Michael. Hank... 
Hank: Okay Michael.
Michael: Hank? You really think Hank is going to be loyal to you? Hank, please escort Charles from the building. 
Hank: Come on man, let's, let's go. 
 
Kevin: I always thought Michael got a bad rap. He's a good guy. And he's super funny. Yeah, maybe I should tell him before he goes. He's all the way over there. 
 
Michael: [to everyone] Well here we are... I would just like to... 
Charles: No, no no no. You're done, Michael. 
 
Michael: [yelling from Parking lot] Alright then everybody, I'm outta here! 
Andy: [from behind the upstairs window] What is he doing? It looks like he's saying something.
Kevin: I think he's singing.
Oscar: I can't believe this is really happening.
Michael: ... and I feel free! 
 
Oscar: And just like that. As mysteriously as he arrived, he was gone. [Michael sneaks back in the parking lot, and into a back door of the building] 
 
Andy: The whole office feels darker, you know? It's just a sad dark day.
Phyllis: Andy He's gone.
Andy: I know.
Phyllis: You don't have to kiss his ass anymore.
 
Toby: Michael is like a movie on a plane. You know, it's not great, but it's something to watch. And when it's over you're like... how much time is left on this flight? Now what?
 
Pam: [Michael is Army crawling around the office] Michael?
Michael: Shh shh shh... don't look down, look straight up. Come on please!
Angela: These are for employees only.
Michael: Angela Kevin, you have to help me out I just need a few things then I will be gone.
Kevin: Michael, why is it that you asked everyone except me, Angela, Creed, and Meredith? 
Michael: I was going to, I wanted to. But I had to start somewhere.
Kevin: But you didn't want to start with us?
Michael: No, of course not. But now I want everybody. Jim! Jim? Buddy, Hey! Buddy, Jimbo? Did you have time to think about my offer?
Jim: I did have a chance to think about it, but then I thought about something else.
Michael: So which way are you leaning?
Jim: Well it is tempting but I am 100% leaning towards something else. 
Michael: Thanks Jim.
Charles: Hey, did anyone see the client list that Michael was supposed to be working on.
Dwight: No.
Charles: Okay, let me know if you find it.
Michael: Okay, Okay, we don't have much time. Just act normal. Don't look at me people. Stop. Don't look down. Don't look down. He's going to see me. Don't look all the way up. Keep it at a normal height. Okay. This is not Michael Scott talking right now, this is your future. Hello, I am your future. You're older, and you are very happy now. Because you went with Michael Scott. Right. So everybody come on down. Lets just crawl out of here together. Alright? Come on! Are you, are you doing your best here? Are you being the best that you can be? [Pam is thinking hard] Alright. Everybody who's going to go with me I want you to stomp your foot. Okay, alright. Come on. You're coming with me. Come on Phyllis. Here we go, here we go!
Charles: Michael get up! 
Michael: Oh God... okay alright. It's time to go it's time to go. Jim, let's go. Come on! 
Charles: Michael, what are you doing?
Michael: I think maybe Hank should be here.
Charles: Hank? No, I don't need Hank Michael.
Michael: You're going to mess with me, is that what you're going to do? I'll tell you something Charles, I don't even care. Cause I've got nothing got lose. [Charles steps towards Michael] Oh my God, OH GOD! No no, all right. Fine, it's not even worth it. 
Pam: Oh no.
Jim: What?
Pam: I'm going with him.
Jim: What? Pam!
Pam: I'm going.
Jim: Pam! You can't be serious.
Pam: Michael, wait! I'm coming with you.
Michael: You are?
Pam: Yeah.
Michael: Okay. It's going to be great.
Pam: Great. Uh, except, I don't want to be a receptionist anymore.
Michael: Right... Executive assistant.
Pam: Salesman.
Michael: Alright, okay. Deal! Okay, well... Jim?
Jim: Still no.
Michael: Well, okay, lets go. 
Pam: Oh, all my stuff is still upstairs so... 
Michael: Are people watching? 
Pam: Probably.
Jim: Michael, its not how you leave in an office. It how you... 
Michael: Jim Jim Jim... we're having a company meeting here.
Jim: I'll bring your stuff home. Okay, bye.
Pam: Okay, see you later.
Michael: Bye.
 
Charles: So, we had a personnel change today. Shouldn't effect our day to day. But, until we get a new receptionist I want Kevin on the phones. 
Kevin: Phones?
Charles: Also, there has been too much wasted time. So Stanley.
Stanley: [holding a crossword puzzle] Yes.
Charles: Yeah, I want you to be on top of that okay? I want you to be my productivity czar. Okay, good. Uh, okay that it on my list. So uh, you know, no excuses guys. Lets get going okay? [everyone leaves except Kevin and Stanley, who are sitting stunned in their chairs]

Jim: [phone ringing] You gonna answer that, Kev?
Kevin: Oh, right. Thanks. [reading off index card] Dunder Mifflin, this is Kevin. Please hold while I transfer you. [cupping the mouthpiece, yelling] Oscar, your mom!
 
Jim: Charles is having Kevin cover the phones for a while. How do I say this diplomatically? [pause] I think Kevin is doing exactly as well as anyone might have expected someone like him to perform in a position like that.
 
Kevin: Please hold. [cupping mouthpiece and holding out the phone] Andy! Phone call.
Jim: No. [Andy gets up from his desk] Stay there. Kev, thought we nailed the whole transfer thing earlier. 
Kevin: Yeah, I wrote it on my hand... but then I washed it.
Jim: It is transfer, extension, and then transfer again.
Kevin: Okay. Andy, get ready. [muttering] Transfer. Extension. Transfer.
Jim: Here we go. [Meredith's phone rings. Jim and Andy groan.]
Kevin: Oh, man!	
Andy: It is 1-3-4, Kev! [Kevin runs to the phone]
Jim: Kev, c'mon.
Dwight: Hustle!
Kevin: Hold it.
Andy: You are murdering the Nard-dog!
Kevin: [on phone] This is Kevin. Please hold and I will transfer you. [Phyllis's phone rings]
Angela: You're bad at this too!
Kevin: [running to the phone] Just... don't answer that call! 
Stanley: Just transfer the damn call.
Kevin: Your call is very important to us. Ple-[Andy's phone rings]
Andy: Hey-o! [applauding and cheering]
Dwight: Way to go.
 
Andy: My maid died.
 
Pam: Today is my first day at my new job at Michael Scott Paper Company Incorporated. You know, Apple Computers started in a garage. And we're starting in a condo. So we already have a leg up on Apple. [picks up piece of mail] Look, it's official! [door opens, Michael is in a bath robe]
Michael: Oh, good. My hooker's here. [laughs] Hi.
Pam: Michael, you were expecting me, right?
Michael: Yes I was. Yes I was.
Pam: Are you wearing anything under the robe?
Michael: That is inappropriate, Pam. Come on in.
 
Pam: This looks great, Michael.
Michael: Thank you. Would you like some french toast?
Pam: Yes, please.
Michael: What shape?
Pam: ... Square is fine.
Michael: Alright. 
 
Charles: Just want to fill you in on a few details. As you know, I will be running the branch while we search for Michael's replacement. So please feel free to come to me with any questions or concerns. [Kelly raises hand] Yeah.
Kelly: Where will you be staying while you're in Scranton?
Charles: Eh, uh, in a hotel.
Angela: Charles, where were you born?
Charles: Actually, I meant questions more about the day-to-day operations of the company. Kay. [Andy raises hand] Yeah.
Andy: How are operations of the company? Just, day-to day.
Charles: Okay, let's go over non-discretionary cuts. Okay, guys? [Charles sees Stanley with his crossword, Charles stares and he puts it away] Thank you. So, umm...
Jim: [whispering] Would you please stop that?
Dwight: What?
Jim: You're breathing very heavily.
Dwight: This is how I breathe.
Jim: No it's not.
Dwight: If you want to tell me -
Charles: Okay, Jim Halpert. I need your eyes up front.
Jim: Oh no. I was just - 
Charles: No. Hey, hey. I just want to hear "yes".
Jim: ... Yes.
Charles: Good. As I was saying...
 
Dwight: Oh no! The new boss does not find Jim adorable! Ohhhh! [smiles]
 
Pam: So, what do you say we get started?
Michael: After breakfast.
Pam: I'm full.
Michael: So how you feeling about the new company?
Pam: I feel good. [sees a huge pile of French toast] Wow.
Michael: You excited? About the new company?
Pam: Yeah. I'm excited to start the company.
Michael: After breakfast.
Pam: We did that. So, what's next? Michael, just stop for a second. [reaches out to take the whisk] Michael. Stop for a second.
Michael: No, I'm whipping them.
Pam: No, I know you are.
Michael: Just let go. 
Pam: Just let me have... Oh.
Michael: Let go, please. Just gimmee - 
Pam: Fine! [eggs splatter all over his robe] Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Michael: I can't do this! This is pathetic, isn't it? I am such an idiot. I gave up the only job I ever loved to do this? I have egg in my Crocs.
 
Phyllis: I never see him drink. I never see him eat.
Stanley: I don't think he even uses the bathroom.
Creed: Oh, he does. He does.
 
Michael: [doing situps] I feel weak today. Felt much stronger yesterday. Like Benjamin Button in reverse.
Pam: You know, Michael. When I feel overwhelmed - 
Michael: I'm not overwhelmed, Pam.
Pam: I know! No, I'm saying that when I feel overwhelmed, something I like to do is make a list. Make a list of things to do and then start with the easy stuff. 
Micheal: Whatever calms you down.
Pam: Okay, first, work out. And, hey! Look! You did that. Check. [Michael doing leg lifts] Eat an enormous breakfast. Check.
Michael: Don't patronize me, Pam.
Pam: I think you should get dressed.
Michael: I'm not getting dressed. I'm not getting dressed. I have too many things to do before I get dressed. I need to find a hundred clients.
Pam: Michael, that seems impossible.
Michael: It's totally impossible!
Pam: We need to come up with one realistic thing that we could do today.
Michael: Assemble a sales team. A dream team.
Pam: Great.
Michael: Okay, Ryan.
Pam: No. What? Why?
Michael: He's everything I'm not and everything I am. He's the whole package.
Pam: No. We're not gonna hire Ryan. 
Michael: Umm... Oh! Vikram! Best salesman I've ever met.
Pam: Okay.
Michael: He worked at that telemarketing place.
Pam: We'll find him. 
Michael: Okay. Oh also, we have a meeting this afternoon with a potential investor.
Pam: Really? 
Michael: Yeah.
Pam: We have an investor already?
Michael: Maybe. Barbara Keebis. She invests in local businesses. And I am putting together a little presentation for her.
Pam: Michael, that's fantastic.
Michael: Yeah, I guess it's not so bad. Got a few things cookin'. [sits down in robe, legs spread wide] Umm...
Pam: Hey! We need to get you dressed!
 
Pam: I have doubts about this too. But when one person freaks out, sometimes it weirdly makes the other one calmer. That's one thing I've learned about relationships. I hate that I just used the word relationship. [Michael comes out in a suit] Hey! You look great! [checks something off her list] Let's go!
Michael: Alright.
 
Andy: [laughing at something on his computer]
Charles: You a soccer fan?
Andy: Oh. Oh my God. I'm so embarrassed. You weren't supposed to see this. This is like my secret obsession. 
Charles: Well, that makes two of us.
Andy: No way!
Charles: Yeah.
 
Andy: I hate soccer. But guess who doesn't hate soccer? Charles Miner.
 
Charles: I was actually in Germany for the 2006 World Cup Finals.
Andy: Ahhh. You bastard! That shoulda been me!
Charles: Yeah, I love the sport. I love the sport. Alright, man.
Andy: Cool!
 
Jim: I've never been a kiss up. I - it's just not how I operate. I mean, I've always subscribed to the idea that if you really want to impress your boss, you go in there and you do mediocre work. Half-heartedly.
 
Pam: Next on the list - open the mail. 
Michael: Oh. Wow. "Michael Scott Paper Company." Okay. Very official. "Dear Mr. Scott. Please be advised that it is in violation of your condominium agreement to conduct a business headquartered in your residence. The penalty, a forfeiture of residence."
Pam: No, okay. It's fine. It's fine. We're just gonna add "find office"...
Michael: How are we gonna find an office? How can we pay for an office?
Pam: Next on the list -- song parodies.
Michael: Okay. Okay. "Achey Breaky Fart."
Pam: Great. Let's sing it in the car.
Michael: No! No No. No. "My Stumps." Like "My Humps" but a guy with no legs. 
Pam: Yeah.
Michael: We can do this.
Pam: We can do this.
 
Andy: Whoa! And he just goes, "Boom". [kicking motion] Goal!
Charles: Yep. Yep. That's Pele.
Andy: You know your soccer, man.
Charles: I know. Yes I do.
Stanley: I prefer [looks down at palms] Maradona. Uhhh... Diego Maradona.
Charles: Oh yeah? 
Stanley: From Argentina.
Charles: I didn't know we had so many, uh, soccer fans in the office.
Andy: I mean, to be fair, I was the first one to talk about it, but...
Charles: What about you, Jim? You a fan of the game?
Jim: Uh, no. Nope. Not really. 
Charles: Well, it's not for everybody I suppose. [Andy laughs]
Jim: It's 'cause I'm more of a player.
Charles: Yeah?
Jim: You bet.
Dwight: Really, Jim? I had no idea you played soccer. 'Cause you never, ever talk about it. 
Jim: Well I do.
Dwight: Wow.
Jim: I play.
Dwight: You can be so modest sometimes.
Jim: Well, maybe you should get back to work.
Dwight: Maybe you and Charles should kick the soccer ball around.
Jim: Maybe we will someday.
Dwight: Maybe you will tonight after work. What do you say?
Charles: That's a great idea, Dwight.
Dwight: Great ideas are just part of what I bring to the table. 
Jim: Yeah. 
Dwight: I don't try and be anything that I'm not.
Charles: What do you say, Jim? Huh? Wanna play some soccer?
Dwight: Jim, what do you say?
Angela: Sounds fun.
Andy: I'm in it to win.
Dwight: Game on!
Charles: Okay. See you on the field, there, bro.
Jim: Let's... eh... see ya.
Charles: See you on the field. Ha, ha. I can't wait!
 
Jim: Yep, I used to play soccer in school. From second to fourth grade. I was on the orange team.
 
Pam: [Michael comes out with Vikram, arms raised] We got Vikram!
Vikram: You got me.
 
Vikram: Where are we going?
Pam: We have a meeting with an investor today.
Michael: Yes we do. So, get excited. But I have to go the bathroom real quick. If you'll excuse me, be right back. [gets out of the car] Ah, okay.
Vikram: He seems really confident.
Pam: He can be. 
Vikram: Confidence. It's the food of the wise man but the liquor of the fool. 
Pam: Hm. I'm looking forward to getting to know you better, Vikram.
 
Michael: Hey. I would like a pair of size nine, please. [Ryan is working at the bowling alley] It's Michael.
Ryan: I'm swamped, Michael. [over the PA] Happy birthday to Sally in lane 27.
Michael: Okay, imagine a company that has no memory of your past misconduct because they have no files.
 
Vikram: He's taking a long time. Is it possible he's bowling? I mean, you know him better than I do. 
Pam: Yes. Yes, it's possible.
 
Michael: Well, it has always been a lifelong dream. 
Pam: Michael! What's going on?
Michael: I'm...
Pam: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan: Hey, you.
Michael: Excuse me. Yes?
Pam: This wasn't on the list.
Michael: Yes, it is.
Pam: No.
Michael: Yes.
Pam: It's not.
Michael: It is.
Pam: [looks at list] When did you add this to the list?
Michael: Pam. Everyone deserves a second second chance. [walks back to Ryan] Ryan, just out of curiosity, how much do you get paid here?
Ryan: Sixty thousand dollars a year.
Pam: You get paid by the year at the bowling alley?
Ryan: What do you make, secretary?
Supervisor: Back to work, shoe bitch!
Ryan: I told you guys, I'm really busy here, so...
Michael: Would you like to come to work for the Michael Scott Paper Company?
Ryan: What size shoes are you guys?
Michael: Uh, nine.
Ryan: What are those, a men's ten?
Pam: No.
Michael: [Ryan grabs some shoes] Look what he's doing.
Pam: What is he doing?
Michael: He's stealing them. Okay, okay.
Pam: Oh my God.
Michael: He's already paying for himself.
Pam: Sorry!
 
Ryan: Where is it?
Michael: Right here.
Vikram: Hey, c'mon, guys. These are prime selling hours, you know.
 
Charles: Miner - [kicking a piece of trash]
Jim: Oh, there he goes.
Charles: ...sees his partner - 
Jim: Yikes.
Charles: Halpert. He looks up! 
Jim: Aw, man.
Charles: Defending duo! He sets him up! [Jim moves the piece of trash with his hands] He sets him up. Yeah. Oh-ho!
Jim: Oh! Goal!
Charles: Aw, man, I can't wait to play with you.
Jim: Aw, it's gonna be the [softly] worst.
 
Ryan: Do you guys want to hear about Thailand?
Michael: Oh yeah.
Pam: Sure.
Ryan: It was indescribable.
Michael: Sounds awesome.
Pam: Beat.
 
Vikram: What sort of investing club is this?
Michal: Vikram, you ask a lot of questions and I like that. Hey, Nana! Hi!
Pam: [mouthing to camera] Nana?
Nana: Michael!
 
Michael: People turn to their families all the time when they need help starting out and if my Nana's investment club can help the Michael Scott Paper Company become a reality, then I'm sure that's what she would have wanted. Does want.
 
Michael: Well I'm sure that you must all have very, very busy schedules, so I appreciate you meeting with us here today. What this is is a business that I have worked toward my entire life. Hey! [snaps in front of sleeping old man] I have assembled what I believe to be the most exciting, sought-after talent in the industry today. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the dream team. From our very own Scranton, Pennsylvania - Pam Beesly. Pretty Pam is always reaching for the stars and someday, she may just surprise us all and grab one. Meet Vikram. From his humble beginnings as a - stay standing - from his humble beginnings as a prominent surgeon, he risked it all to become the most successful telemarketer in the lipophedrene industry. And do not call it a comeback. The youngest vice president in the history of Dunder Mifflin, and recent bowling alley employee, Ryan Howard is about to make a splash in paper.
Nana: So let's hear it.
Michael: Okay. I have spent the last 15 years learning the ins and outs of the paper industry. With a lean, mean fighting crew and low overhead, I think I can perform the same business at a much, much higher rate of profit.
Nana: How do you expect to turn a profit in this economy?
Michael: By wanting it more. By working hard- 
Nana: What's your mission statement?
Michael: Mmmm-My mission is stated as follows: I will not be beat. I will never give up. I am on a mission. That is the Michael Scott guarantee. 
 
Charles: C'mon, Oscar. What positions do people play?
Dwight: Wing. 
Kevin: Wag.
Charles: Jim. What do you play?
Jim: Left.
Charles: Forward or half?
Jim: Forward, definitely.
Chares: Okay, striker, huh?
Jim: Striker!
Charles: Let's see what you got in those legs!
Jim: Alright! Let's do it.
Charles: Alright. [Dwight blows whistle in Jim's face] No, no, no. That's supposed to be the kickoff.
Jim: Kickoff. [to camera] My strategy is to touch the ball as little as possible. Chalk it up to teamwork. [to team] Alright! [clapping]
 
Michael: And I offer same day, free delivery.
Nana: Michael, I don't know about this.
Michael: Nana. [softly] I really think that Papa would want you to do this.
Nana: I'm not so sure.
Michael: Well what is it exactly? I mean, what, what specifically? We don't - it doesn't have to be paper. We could sell medicine and other...
Nana: See, this is what concerns me. 
Old Woman: We could just give him a chance. It's not much money.
Michael: Well... this might not be the right time, but I need more than I originally asked for. 
Nana: This isn't a handout club. It's an investment club!
Michael: Okay.
Nana: I love you, Michael. I do.
Michael: Okay.
Nana: But no. I mean it. No.
 
Vikram: I thought Nana raised some good questions. What kind of a name is Nana?
Pam: It means grandmother.
Vikram: Oh, sweet Jesus. Look, I'm sorry to do this, but can you drop me back at the telemarketing building?
 
Vikram: You know, Michael? You want to succeed? You got to apply the same- [Michael slams door]
 
Andy: Get 'im, Jim! C'mon, tough D, Jim. [Charles kicks, ball hits Phyllis in the nose]
Charles: Oh, my God! Oh wow. Jim, what the?
Oscar: Phyllis, Phyllis.
Charles: Phyllis, are you okay? Are, you okay?
Phyllis: [muffled] No, I swallowed a crown.
Charles: Why'd you duck, Jim?
Jim: What?
Dwight: Yeah, Jim. Why would an experienced soccer player like yourself duck at the very last moment?
Jim: Okay, I'm just gonna go get some ice.
Charles: Does that make you feel better? Huh?
Jim: I'm sorry, Phyllis.
Charles: Oh, yeah. Jim's sorry.
 
Ryan: Do you get TNT? The station? Do you get TNT?
Michael: Yeah. I have cable and satellite as a backup. [to Pam] Yeah, I know. Two not-so-great things in a row. Ehhhh, well. Stuff happens, right? At least we got Ryan. The Rye-guy. We should call him Rye bread. We don't have to call him that. Unless you like it. We could call him that. 
Pam: I can't do this.
Michael: What's that?
Pam: I can't do this. I had a real job. I sat ten feet away from my fiance. I had health benefits. I was just feeling impulsive. I should have gotten a tiny tattoo on my ankle. 
Michael: Blech.
Pam: I just keep getting bored. And I let things build up and build up and then I - I, I do something too big, like this. Who does this?
Michael: Well you know what? My mom always used to say that average people are the most special people in the world. And that's why God made so many.
Pam: We don't have any money. We don't have an office. We don't have anything.
Michael: Well we should make a list. Lists are good. Lists are good. Lists are good. First on the list, let's get you out of the car. Alright. [Pam tosses list out car window] Okay...
Pam: How come out of everyone in the office, I'm the only one that went with you? Is it because I'm that stupid? I mean, your own grandmother doesn't even believe in you!
Michael: I want you to listen to me. Because I want to tell you the situation that we are both in right now, kay? You quit your job. I quit my job. We both quit. Those are the facts. That's what happened. Now, what are our choices right now? Because you know, kiddo, you quit.
Pam: Yeah.
Michael: So what are our options? Well, we can start this paper company. We can try. Or... that's it. That's our only option. Because we quit. Pam, I do my best work when people don't believe in me. I remember in high school, my math teacher told me I was gonna flunk out. And know what I did? The very next day I went out and I scored more goals than anyone else in the history of the hockey team. See what I mean? I thrive on this. I thrive on it. So I'm gonna go inside. I'm going to make some calls, I'm gonna get us an office space, and I'm going to show you why you joined this company. Okay? [Pam nods]
 
Michael: You gotta have some extra space. Philly, work with me here. There's gotta be some sort of secret office that you have... lurkin' around... some awesome, free, keep it off the books... Oh, no. Not there. That would be humiliating. 
 
Michael: I did what I had to do. I stepped in. I took charge. That's what being a man is. And earlier today, I was freaking out. Pam stepped up. She was the man. Don't think a woman can be a man? Well, then that's your stereotype, not mine. 
 
Michael: [walks into room] Okay.
Pam: I could work here. I could see this. 
Michael: It's right in the middle of the paper belt.
Pam: Are you good?
Michael: Yeah, I'm good. You good?
Pam: I'm good.
 
Michael: You know what they say, keep your friends close. [pointing to office sign where "Dunder Mifflin" is listed right above "Michael Scott Pap"]
Charles: Michael, you're back.
Michael: Yes, I am, Charles.
Charles: Mmmhmm.
Michael: Except this time, you have no legal right to kick me out, because I have started my very own paper company right here in the building. If I were you, Charles Miner, I would watch your step. Because the Michael Scott Paper Company is about to open a big ol' can of whoopass on Dunder Mifflin. [Pam and Michael stare him down, he walks away] Actually a six pack. We're gonna open a six pack of whoopass. He looks scared.

Michael: It's Britney bitch. And I am back, in the form of a new company. The Michael Scott Paper Company. [tries to parallel park, hits car.] Okay. Not gonna make this one. [drives away revealing plenty of space for the Cruiser]
 
Jim: LOVE the hair. [Ryan walks up driveway with blonde dyed hair]
Pam: Morning Michael!
Michael: Hello! They took away my parking space but they can't take away my pride! [awkwardly climbs out of his car]
 
Michael: I would like to invite you all to come away with me, on a journey. [nips mylar ribbon with hedge clippers, it won't cut, he tears it down] Welcome! To the Michael Scott Paper Company!
 
Kelly: So. I thought we could take the customer on a... Then. Then we could...
Jim: You realize you're not actually talking to me, right?
Kelly: And...
Charles: Hey Kelly?
Kelly: Yes? Charles, you wanted me?
Charles: Oh, I meant, I meant that Kelly. [New receptionist walks in]
 
Jim: The new receptionist is also named Kelly. So Kelly Kapoor has decided to hover around my desk, so that she can run into his Charles' office every time he calls for Kelly. She thinks if she says "You wanted me" enough, he will in fact want her. It's not the worse plan she's ever had.
 
Charles: Oh, and Kelly...
Kelly: Yes Charles? Yes, you wanted me?
Charles: Okay, I'm gonna call you Kapoor, okay? And you, Hannon. 
Erin: If we're changing names, can I be Erin? It's my middle name.
Charles: Erin. Okay, that's very pretty.
Kelly: Well you know what my middle name is? Rajani Ghana! And I hate it! I hate it!
Kevin: I thought Rajini Ghanda was a boy's name?
 
Michael: We are in the heart of it. [Bathroom sounds rattle the small office.] And the surge of water carries our business out to the sea.
Pam: What should we do now?
Michael: We wait, and hope that people show up to the pancake luncheon.
 
Michael: I don't know I think we've done absolutely everything you can do to prepare for the day. I've updated our contacts, I have gotten quotes from suppliers. I have sent out an E-vite for our big grand opening pancake luncheon. Six yeses, one maybe, only eleven noes. Um, and 788 not yet replieds. But of that group, 782 have viewed it.
 
Michael: I am going to need 800 of these, on nice bright paper. It is a coupon for unparalleled customer service. [He sets sheet between Pam and Ryan on desk. Neither takes it.]
 
Pam: I make that one copy, and I become the girl who makes copies, and by the end of the day I'm receptionist again. And the worst part is, I like making copies. The paper comes out all warm and stuff. And it's cold in there. Cause it's technically a closet.
 
Andy: What do you think?
Dwight: Let me check. [Pulls out hunting scope] Oh nope! Clearly a hunter. Who knows how to throw an outfit together.
Andy: Thank you!
 
Dwight: Yes, I am taking Andy hunting after work. Not long ago we were sexual competitors. I used to hate him, hate him, hate him, hate him. I studied him, to figure out why I hated him so much. But that blossomed into a very real friendship, as these things often do.
 
Ryan: You should come into town this weekend man. Yeah, we'll hang out Scranton style. 
Michael: Hey you said you were gonna be out of town this weekend. 
Ryan: Please don't listen to my phone calls. Yeah, she's like um, she'd probably be a Six in New York, but she's like a Seven here in Scranton. And then uh, my boss is my old boss from Dunder Mifflin. It's a small space.
 
Charles: Hey Jim can I get a, um-
Jim: Hi! [Awkward]
Charles: Hi. I need a rundown of your clients, can you get that to me.
Jim: Sure!
Charles: Yeah.
Jim: Okay.
 
Jim: What the hell's a rundown?
 
Jim: When did you need that rundown by?
Charles: As soon as possible.
Jim: Okay.
Charles: Just get it right.
Jim: Yeah. Gotcha. Of course. I'm gonna dive in. To the rundown. I'll be exhausted 'cause it's like a triathlon. [At door.] Do you want to close this? Close, or keep it?
 
Erin: Oh.
Dwight: You know there's a ghost in this office
Erin: Really?
Dwight: A woman was murdered on this very floor in 1816. Haddie McGonagle. She was a prostitute.
Erin: Why was she in this building?
Dwight: Oh, this whole place used to be a brothel. There was a tavern on the ground floor.
Erin: That's crazy.
Dwight: Yeah isn't it? She was bludgeoned to death by the business end of a riding crop.
Erin: Oh my god!
Dwight: It was gruesome. They say she walks these hallways. If you ever feel a tapping on your shoulder?
Erin: Hmm.
Dwight: That could be Haddie. Begging for her life. And it could mean, that you're next. [Taps her shoulder]
Erin: Oh! [Dwight and Erin laugh.]
Dwight: Just kidding. You finding everything okay?
Erin: Yeah. 
Dwight: Yeah?
Erin: Just got some ice. 
Dwight: Erin [eerie voice] Erin...
Andy: Oh, this is awkward. [Andy and Erin 'dance' trying to get out of each other's way]
Erin: Oops! 
Andy: Uh oh! Oh! Oh! [Andy improvs musical verbage]
Erin: So I'll see you guys around! 
Dwight: Hey buddy.
 
Michael: Hey Ryan? [Ryan watches Montgomery Flea Market ad on YouTube] Could you get to that copy from before?
Ryan: Pam's better at that stuff
Pam: That is so insulting.
Ryan: How is it insulting to say that you're good at something?
Pam: Because the thing you're saying I'm good at, is pushing a big green button a bunch of times.
Ryan: I'm not judging it, it's like ... I could run GM but I couldn't fix a car. It's not saying one is better than the other.
Pam: Seriously? Because it sounds like one of those is better than the other.
Ryan: What the hell? [Michael closed his laptop]
Michael: Listen. Listen listen listen listen listen listen. I need someone to make a copy of this. Because I don't make copies, I'm the boss. Got it? I make originals.
Ryan: Yeah I make originals too.
Pam: Shut up! 
Michael: Stop it stop it! Bickering! Stop it!
Pam: Really!
Ryan: Yeah!
Toby: Not much? What's up with you? [from bathroom above] Nah it's okay. I'm in the bathroom. Hey you been watching Damages this year? It's so good. No, you gotta tune in, it's as good as anything on HBO. [sound of pissing] Hey does blue go with tan?
Michael: Would someone just make the copy?
Toby: I have like, like a blue shirt? I don't wear a lot of colors, I have a lot of tan. Uh huh.
Michael: Just make that copy okay?
 
Pam: Seriously? This is what's so important, putting naked pictures on the desktop?
Ryan: That's me and my friend Jonathan from Thailand.
Pam: I don't want to look at your friend Jasmine's boobs all day.
Ryan: You could be hot too if you made any effort. At all.
Pam: Like how? Dyeing my hair blond?
Ryan: This is from the sun.
Pam: Oh yeah I bet.
Michael: They're getting on my nerves Mom. Both of them. R thinks he's too good to be here, and P is not as much fun without Jim.
Pam: Michael, we can hear you.
Michael: I'm on the phone, please. Mom, I'm gonna have to call you back. P's being a giant B.
Pam: Okay it's my turn.
Ryan: No don't take that, give that back!
Pam: Give it back for what? What're you gonna do with it? 
Ryan: I'm gonna make a spreadsheet.
Pam: You're gonna make another "spreadsheet." 
Ryan: Yeah!
Pam: Yeah exactly. It's my turn.
Ryan: Go make a copy, secretary.
Pam: Come on! Ryan!
 
Michael: They always say that it is a mistake to hire your friends and they are right! So, I hired my best friends. And this is what I get?
 
Dwight: Hey buddy, what are you up to?
Andy: Um, nerthing?
Dwight: Listen, when I saw you talking to Erin earlier, I noticed that your pupils dilated, and your skin flushed, and I'm assuming, a little bit of blood rushed into your penis.
Andy: Pffft.
Dwight: Well, a little bit of blood rushed into mine as well, so where does that leave us?
Andy: The last thing I want to do, is step on your funk man.
Dwight: And I, yours. So I will cede her to you.
Andy: No, that's ridiculous. 
Dwight: No no no.
Andy: Look you've been here longer, and besides, I'm a better wingman than I am a boyfriend so-
Dwight: Look I just want you and I to hang out so, you know. Just, [They Hi-5 badly] Boom.
 
Michael: Listen up. It has come to my attention that some people in this office are not getting along with other people in this office. And I think I have come up with the reason why. This office space is too small.
Pam: Definitely.
Michael: Okay. There are ... 4 corners in this room. Each corner is to be a personal space for each one of you. Whichever corner you want. And make it your own.
Pam: We could work from home.
Ryan: Or you could fire one of us. Whoever has less education.
Michael: Okay guys, thank you for the offers. But I want you to get pumped about this corner idea. All right? 1,2,3- What are we gonna do?
Pam: .... Corner idea?
Michael: No, you're supposed to say, "Rock the house."
Ryan: Rock the house!
Pam: How would we know that?
 
Jim: Hey dude, you know what a "rundown" is?
Oscar: Use it in a sentence.
Jim: "Uh, can you get this rundown for me?" [impersonating Charles]
Oscar: Try another sentence.
Jim: "This rundown better be really good"?
Oscar: I don't know but it sounds like the rundown is really important. 
Jim: Charles asked me to do this rundown of all my clients.
Oscar: Why don't you just ask him--
Jim: No. I can't. It was like, hours ago.
Oscar: What have you been doing?
Kevin: Try it in another sentence.
 
Ryan: Last night was crazy. Jojo? Yeah. He did a donut in a parking lot in front of a cop. And then he yells, "Hey cop, you like donuts?" then we drive off. No, he just stayed there. [Pam goes to sit in a chair in the corner.] I want that new phone. No, the other one. No the other one. No, you know which one I'm talking about it's the one, the one with the awesome browser. [More bathroom noises] No, not that one.
 
Michael: That's my corner.
Pam: I thought that was your corner.
Michael: No, this is where I work. I can't relax in the same corner where I work.
Pam: So my corner's the one with the copier?
Michael: Pam, I don't make the rules. [Pam walks out.]
Ryan: Yeah. I wish my iPod could make phone calls. No I don't want an iPhone, I know what an iPhone is.
 
Charles: You started on that rundown yet? [Looks at Jim's screen.]
Jim: Oh, this is just something I'm taking a break with.
Charles: Oh.
Jim: I will get back to the rundown, uh, right now.
Charles: Okay, great.
Jim: Hey you know what? Do you have a rundown that I could take a look at, just so I know what type of rundown you're looking for ?
Charles: Just keep it simple.
Jim: Keeping it simple -that's what I'm doing. But I am working hard on this one. Real hard.
Charles: You're working hard? On this?
Jim: No. Not too hard. Not harder than I should.
Charles: Right. I mean why work harder than you should.
Jim: No, I....
 
Erin: Can I help you?
Pam: No thanks.
Jim: Hey!
Pam: Hey I'm here to see Charles.
Jim: Okay.
Pam: Hey Charles.
Charles: Hey Pam.
Pam: I know you're a very busy man so I'll cut right to the chase. I'd like my old job back.
Charles: I don't know what to tell you. The job's been taken.
Pam: Um, well, I could come back as a salesman. I have experience now.
Charles: Um.
Pam: Or I could come back as your personal assistant. You know? Sort your mail, set your appointments. I know all the people. 
Charles: Yeah I know.
Pam: Personal shopper?
Charles: No.
Pam: Well it was great catching up with you. And I'll see you around the building.
Charles: Okay.
 
Pam: I'm just gonna sit here for a little bit longer if that's okay. The air smells so good. I don't remember it smelling so good. The chairs are so comfortable.
 
Michael: Oh hey! Stanley, Phyllis. Come on in. Welcome, welcome. Let me give you the tour.
Stanley: I get it. [To Phyllis] You need to see more?
Phyllis: It's really cute.
Michael: Thank you. You remember Ryan [Stanley laughs deeply] And Pam is around here somewhere.
Stanley: She's upstairs talking to Charles.
Michael: What for?
Stanley: I don't know. [They shrug and leave.]
Ryan: Are we staying til five?
Michael: Yes.
 
Michael: Maybe the Michael Scott Paper Company was a huge mistake. I should leave. I should go, and start my own paper company. That'll show 'em.
 
Michael: Get your free pancakes. They are delicious. They are nutritious. They are complimentary. [Flips a pancake. It's about 8x11 inches] Young sir, would you like a free pancake?
Ryan: I'm texting. I don't want to get my fingers sticky.
Michael: Ryan, enough with the texting machine. Come on. And tuck in your shirt, you're the face of this company.
Michael: Hey Pam.
Pam: Hey.
Michael: You sorta disappeared there for a while. Where ya been?
Pam: Yeah, I needed to take care of some stuff.
Michael: Yeah?
Pam: That's as specific as I'd like to be.
Michael: Well, at least you're still being honest with me.
 
Jim: There's the rundown you asked for. I may have expanded some areas that you weren't prepared for.
Charles: Great. Fax that to everyone on the distribution list.
Jim: Yeah sure. You want to look at it first?
Charles: Do I need to?
Jim: No. No, I just wanted to make sure, it was in the same format. So that distribution list is gonna be my...?
Charles: What's that?
Jim: The one I have. I'll use the one I have.
 
Jim: Just faxing. My Dad. A rundown.
 
Pam: We're small, but we're eager to make a name for ourselves.
Man: Do you have a card?
Pam: Nope, I don't have a card, but I'll do you one better. A little scrap of paper.
 
Creed: These are terrible boss. You gotta make them in a circle so that they cook evenly.
Michael: These are shaped like paper.
Creed: Well I don't even want these. [Takes the rectangle pancakes out of his coat.]
Meredith: I'll take them for my kid.
 
Erin: Country roads, take me home, to the place...[Dwight is strumming the tune on his guitar] Sorry. I like that song. You're good!
Dwight: You're good.
Erin: Thank you.
Andy: That was great, but it's just sort of, it's still a little choppy like. But don't worry, it's hard, it took me a while too. It's like [Andy plays Country Roads on his banjo.]
Erin: Wow!
Andy: What? Oh my God you heard that I'm so embarrassed. I'm like so rusty.
Dwight: Oh it's good, you're coming along. It's really technically proficient but really there's no heart or soul in it.
Andy: Really?
[Dwight plays a hearty strum of the song, Andy stands and starts a banjo solo]
Dwight: Hey you want to sing with me? Almost heaven... 
Dwight and Erin: West Virginia, Blue Ridge mountain, Shenandoah River [Andy vocalizes]
Dwight: In German! Leben ist dort alt, alter als die Baume, Junger als die Berge, wie eine Brise blasend
Dwight and Andy: Take me home, country roads, to the place, I belong. West Virginia, mountain momma, take me home, country roads. [Erin leaves]
Dwight: Take it Andy! Take me home, to the place I belong, Ba bah dah duh
Toby: You have to stop. [bangs on glass window]
 
[Michael sits alone at the pancake table alone, the breeze blowing paper around.]
 
Michael: I once had a dream. That I was eating a peanut butter and tuna fish sandwich. And, let me tell you something it was delicious. So the next day, I decided to make that sandwich. And in real life it is disgusting. [The phone rings] It is a disgusting sandwich. [It rings again.] And the reason I tell you this story. [phone] Pick up the phone.
Pam: Dunder Miff...Michael Scott Paper Company, this is Pam. Oh, hi Russell from the pancake luncheon, how are you? Well we'd like to do business with you too! How can we make that happen?
Ryan: Keep going. [Whispers]
Michael: Don't tell them we have free delivery! [Also whispers]
Pam: We already offered free delivery! 
Michael: They don't know that!
Pam: Um, I can offer you free delivery on any order that you place today. Okay, twenty boxes? I can do... just a second. I can do 20 boxes at 43 dollars a box. Great!
Ryan: Write it down.
Michael: Give him a guarantee.
Pam: A guarantee of what?
Michael: Just say the word.
Pam: And I guarantee, that you will be satisfied! 'Cause your satisfaction is our guarantee! We guarantee it. We look forward to doing business with you too. Thank you Russell.
Michael: Yes!
Pam: I made a sale!
Ryan: Oh!
Michael: You did! 
Pam: Oh!
Michael: Oh yeah! 
Ryan: We did it !
Michael: She did it!
Michael: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! [Dancing in the office]
 
Michael: Who would have thought, that the thing that would save this company would be work? And pancakes? In the end, this day definitely had its ups and downs. I realize that we don't have the biggest office. Which is a surprise, because 165 square feet sounds like a lot. But, we have people with the biggest hearts. And I think for a small company that is really [flushing] Someone went to the bathroom. That is really what's important.
 
Andy: Literally every song is better a cappella. Name a song.
Dwight: Cherry Pie, Warrant.
Andy: Better a cappella!
Dwight: No! Really?
Andy: Yeah. Name another.
Dwight: Enter Sandman, Metallica.
Andy: Better a cappella.
Dwight: Rebel Yell, Billy Idol
Andy: Aw!! Way better a cappella
Dwight: Really?
Andy: Yeah.

Michael: Hup! [throws cheese puff to Ryan who catches it in his mouth]
 
Pam: Things are a little slow here. And there's only so much cold-calling you can do in a day. Turns out there's no limit to the number of cheese puffs you can throw at someone's face.
Michael: Hup! [throws cheese puff to Pam who catches it in her mouth]
Pam: We're getting pretty good at it.
 
[Pam and Ryan throw cheese puffs to Michael, Ryan and Michael throw cheese puffs at each other, Michael throws a cheese puff over his shoulder to Ryan, all three throw cheese puffs to one another, give high-fives]
 
[Pam yawns, two cheese puffs thrown at her, one sticks in her hair]
 
Jim: Andy put down a bunch of deposits on stuff for his wedding with Angela, but then she was sleeping with Dwight for... several years. Wait, no, that can't be right.
Pam: The timeline's messy.
Jim: Anyway, now we are going bargain hunting in the haunted graveyard of their love.
 
Andy: This is my solo. [stereo plays Andy imitating bass guitar, a cappella starts singing 'You Can Call Me Al']
Pam: I'm confused. Am I walking down the aisle to 'You Can Call Me Al?'
Andy: Trust me. You will not be walking. You will be boogie-ing.
Jim: I am extremely interested. So, how much will all of this cost?
Andy: Well, 12 guys, airfare, three nights in a hotel, food per diem, table up front for merch... $9,000.
Pam: I don't know. It seems like a lot for an a cappella group from a college we never went to. 
Andy: Did you even hear the music I just played for you?
Pam: Mm-hmm.
 
Phyllis: What's wrong with you?
Dwight: These sleeves are cutting off my circulation. Not enough blood getting to my hands.
Phyllis: I think you look nice.
Dwight: Doesn't Charles know he's compromising my attack readiness? It's not a dress code. It's a death sentence.
Charles: Looking good.
Dwight: 'Kay, thank you. It's a straight jacket! [knocks things off shelf with arms] Okay.
 
Dwight: When Michael was in charge, this place was like the Roman Empire. And the Wild West. And war-torn Poland. And Poland. There was just a lot going on, so what you wore to work was the least of anybody's worries. And in that chaos, I soared.
 
Michael: Hey.
Dwight: Hey. Ed's Tires is thinking of making a change.
Michael: [gestures to 'Bed & Breakfast' magazine] Is this good?
Dwight: They have some great kitchen ideas.
Michael: Oh. Okay. Ed's Tires, huh?
Dwight: It's small, I know.
Michael: I really appreciate it.
Dwight: Thanks, Michael. [Michael palms Dwight cash in their handshake] Wait, what is this?
Michael: It's for your trouble.
Dwight: Wh- I don't need $6 to help a friend.
Michael: No, no, listen, as a friend, I want you to have this.
Dwight: Michael, you know I can't take this.
Michael: Yes, I do.
Dwight: But don't forget you owe me $10.
Michael: That was four years ago. Why don't you let it go?
Dwight: Michael.
 
Andy: What was up with Pam being all pushy and negative in there?
Jim: I think she just didn't want a crucifix cake.
Andy: It scares me to see you going down a road that I went down.
Jim: Am I going down a road?
Andy: When I see her bossing you around like that, it just makes me wonder if this thing really has the legs to go the distance.
Jim: It's so scary how right the things you're saying are. And you're coming at it with almost no knowledge, so of course I trust your opinion on this.
 
Andy: I know a few things about love. Horrible, terrible, awful, awful things.
 
Jim: I was going to use today to purge my inbox, but now something much more pressing has come up.
 
Michael: Ed's Tires. Why don't you tell them that we have fewer clients, so we can spend more time with each of them. Also, try to discuss it over Indian food, and try to mention how you distrust women. 
Pam: I'm not gonna do that.
Michael: That is smart. That would not seem genuine. Ryan?
Ryan: I can get there.
Michael: Good, you take the lead on this one. Also, do not forget that he has just gone through a messy divorce.
Ryan: Oh, awesome.
Michael: Bring it in. Morning cheer. [clears throat]
Michael, Pam & Ryan: U-G-L-Y, you ain't got no alibi! You ugly, huh huh, you ugly! You mama says you ugly! Hey! Go Michael Scott Paper Company!
 
Pam: I'm here. I'm a part of this now. 
 
Dwight: You needed to speak to me?
Charles: Dwight, take a seat.
Dwight: I prefer to stand. Less blood clots.
Charles: Nah, that's weird. You're gonna sit. [Dwight sits] Great. You know, Dwight, it has been quite a transition for all of us. Are you happy with the way things have been runnin' lately?
Dwight: Do you mean compared to the ways things ran with other bosses? Comparisons are hard.
Charles: I've just been impressed with your performance and I wanted to make sure good work doesn't go unnoticed.
Dwight: Your concern is noted.
Charles: Yeah, I like your work ethic. You're so... focused.
Dwight: Like a wolf. Thank you.
Charles: And I wanna start givin' you more responsibility. What do you say you and I go out for a drink this week?
Dwight: Really?
Charles: Definitely.
Dwight: [sighs] It's firm.
 
Michael: [on phone] I need you to get me the prices that you're charging Ed's tires so I can undercut Dunder Mifflin.
Dwight: I don't know that I can do that now. You know, uh, something's come up.
Michael: Oh n- Is it Mose? Did you put the cover on that well?
Dwight: No, Mose is fine. I roped it off. It's not about Mose. Listen, things are changing here, Michael, they're changing fast. 
Michael: I'm not following you.
Dwight: Imagine... Someone has a personal hero they really wanna help. But then there's this new guy. Very cool, very Will Smith-esque, who would not like it if he helped his hero.
Michael: Personal hero, cool new guy. Okay, I think I'm getting your drift. 
Dwight: Good, do you see what I'm saying?
Michael: Crystal clear. So is this for a movie that you're writing? 
Dwight: No.
Michael: Can I use it? [Pam holds up note saying "He's talking about you!"]
Dwight: No.
Michael: [Michael dismisses note, Ryan and Pam point to notepad] Dwight, are you talking about us?
Dwight: It is possible that I could be talking about us.
Michael: Someone could say that it is like the situation that we are in now?
Dwight: It is the situation that we are in now.
Michael: So I would say that the old boss has always been good to Dwight, and he was there first, so he has dibs. You respect dibs, don't you?
Dwight: I'm not a barbarian.
Michael: Good. Will you meet me in 20 minutes at the spot?
Dwight: I will.
Michael: Dwight?
Dwight: Yes?
Michael: Is the cool new guy Charles?
Dwight: I've said too much.
Michael: Is it Stanley?
 
Jim: Hey, Andy. You know I've been thinkin about what you said-
Andy: 'Noishe.'
Jim: -I just don't know if I can do it.
Andy: That's interesting, because I hear what you're saying is that you want to do it, which means you can do it. Believe me, I broke up with Angela, and I'm like, the happiest guy ever. I mean, I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Like, total freedom, you know?
Jim: It's just that Pam gets me through the day, you know? I really rely on her. I'm pretty emotionally needy.
Andy: And you know what? I am here for you. Let me be your traveling pants. [imitates punching on Jim's fist] Ah, what'd you do that for?
Jim: [both laugh] You know that I was doin' this.
Andy: [fist pound each other] Totally.
Jim: Okay.
 
Michael: Hello, Dwight. What's with the shirt? Are you alright?
Dwight: I'm sorry, Michael
Charles: [Charles comes from around corner] Hi, Michael.
Michael: Oh my God! Run! Run! It's a setup. Setup! 
Charles: No, Mich-Michael.
Michael: Dwight, run!
Charles: Michael, no, let's be cool, ok?
Michael: You be cool.
Charles: Yes.
Michael: Just-what's going on?
Charles: We need to talk about our two companies, and how we should behave. Dwight tells me you've been pestering him for company info.
Michael: Mm-do... Dwight would not-
Charles: He did.
Dwight: I did, Michael. I was upset about the shirt sleeves at first, but now I'm okay with it. 
Charles: Michael, I want you to stop pestering my salesmen, and I want you to leave Dunder Mifflin alone. Do you understand?
Michael: I. Understand. Nothing. 
 
Michael: [Michael storms into office] Wow.
Pam: Michael, are you alright?
Michael: It was a setup. Dwight told Charles. He told him.
Pam: Tell us what you're talking about. 
Ryan: Yeah.
Michael: It's like, a girl says she'll make out with you, but then her boyfriend is waiting around the corner with a pee-filled balloon. 
Pam: We can't help you if you don't just tell us what happened.
Michael: I got hit in the face with a pee-filled water balloon, Pam, ok? I don't know how they did it. They filled the balloon with pee. A funnel? I don't know. Is that clear enough for you?
 
Andy: Hey, Jim.
Jim: [Jim slams lunchbag on table] I just totally blew a sales call.
Andy: Bro, I do that all the time.
Jim: Yeah, well, with you it's different, okay? Cause I just- I just suck. I just- I suck!
Andy: Tuna, be nice to my friend Jim, ok?
Jim: Why? When I look in the mirror, I don't like the face that looks back.
Andy: Well, so what? Your body's a ten.
Jim: Forget it.
Andy: Jim.
Jim: I said forget it. [drop kicks lunch across room, stomps on it]
 
Dwight: [on phone] Dwight Schrute.
Michael: Hello, traitor.
Dwight: I think you have the wrong number, Michael.
Michael: I want you to listen to me, friend, and I want you to listen to me good. I am going to come at you, and I am going to come at you hard. I am going to steal all of your clients, and then I am going to kill them in front of you.
Pam: Michael!
Michael: I'm just getting hardcore with him.
Ryan: Finally.
Michael: Yes, and hear me, Dwight, when I say I brought you into this world, and I can take you out. [hangs up] Bill Cosby.
 
Dwight: [on phone] Mr. Schofield, please?
Secretary: He's in a meeting.
Dwight: Dammit! [hangs up]
 
Michael: [on phone] Is Mr. Schofield there?
Automated phone voice: If you'd like to reach an outside line, please dial nine first. [Michael sighs, hangs up phone]
 
Stanley: So, you think Michael's going after the whale, huh?
Dwight: I have a long term relationship with Harper Collins publishers and Mr. Schofield. I'm not worried.
Phyllis: You sound worried.
Dwight: And you have bad skin. Oh, look everyone, we're all making observations! [gibberish sounds]
 
Michael: [on phone] Well, if you could do me a big favor and tell Mr. Schofield that Michael Scott has tickets to the Wilkes-Barre Penguins game this weekend, and if he would like to join me... Hello, Daniel. How are you? Uh-huh. I sure do. Yes. [referencing rolodex card] Wanted to ask, did Kathy ever make JV? 
Ryan: Look at that old dude and his rolodex go.
Pam: I spent a month putting that rolodex on his Blackberry, which he now uses as a nightlight.
Michael: Wow. High score?
 
Dwight: And no, I cannot lower my current prices. [phone rings] Hold on. Hello? Mr. Schofield, thank you so much for taking the time to talk. I wanted to discuss your contract with us- oh, you're considering him. I thought Michael Scott left the paper business after his nervous breakdown. 
 
Dwight: Michael has been talking to my biggest client. Master and apprentice pitted against one another for the fate of the greater Scranton area paper market. So it's not exactly like 'Highlander,' but still...
 
Michael: Hello, Dwight, I've been expecting your call. What do you want?
Dwight: I would like to arrange a truce.
Michael: So you heard Schofield is considering a switch, and you want mercy?
Dwight: Meet me in our spot in four minutes. 
Michael: No. No. You think I am going to fall for that? There's no-
Dwight: Michael.
Michael: Meet- Ok, go to the spot and then walk 100 feet.
Dwight: In which direction?
Michael: Toward the sun.
Dwight: At what time?
Michael: Noon.
Dwight: That-
Michael: You have two seconds. [Dwight starts running]
 
Dwight: [looking at his watch] Michael. [Madge walks by] Sorry.
Michael: Dwight.
Dwight: Michael.
Michael: I hope you're not recording this conversation. [Dwight drops his pants and lifts up his shirt] Good. I cannot believe that you sided with Charles.
Dwight: You were making me do things that were not all right.
Michael: So you just rat me out? You could have said no.
Dwight: And not come through for you? 
Michael: If you want a truce, I will give you a truce.
Dwight: I want a truce.
Michael: I do too.
Dwight: Let me take you and your whole company out for lunch at Alfredo's. 
Michael: Cooper's.
Dwight: I had fish yesterday.
Michael: Damn it.
 
Michael: [Michael, Ryan and Pam sitting at restaurant, phone rings] Oh. Dwight-elicious. Where you at?
Dwight: Oh, hi, Michael. I'm so sorry I'm late. I got stuck in traffic.
Michael: Really? That's weird. We didn't see any.
Dwight: I hit a bear. 
Michael: What?
Dwight: He's technically fine. I imagine the true horror will be when he wakes up in a zoo. [throws a fish into the vent at Michael's office] Hey, listen, will you do me a favor and order the meatball parm for me, with extra cheese? 
Michael: Yeah, sure.
Dwight: Ok, I will see you very soon, alright? [takes all the items off Michael's desk and puts them into briefcase, including rolodex] 
Michael: Okay, see you in a bit. Dwight hit a bear. He'll be here in a sec.
 
Pam: [Pam, Ryan and Michael enter office] Sounds neat. 
Ryan: We can spend a couple days there.
Pam: Oh my God, I think we've been robbed!
Michael: [Michael answers phone] Yeah.
Dwight: Did you enjoy your lunch?
Michael: Dwight, not now, we've been robbed.
Dwight: No, Michael, you were sabotaged.
Michael: No, Dwight, we were robbed. How would you even know? You're still stuck in traffic. [Pam holds up sign saying "Dwight did it!!"] You?
Dwight: Me.
Michael: What about our truce?
Dwight: I broke it.
Michael: On purpose?
Dwight: Yes.
Michael: Why?
Dwight: You think this is some kind of game? No, this is a war, and I will not stop, I will not rest. You have no idea what kind of enemy you've created. You have unleashed the wolf!
Michael: Be that as it may, I have your meatball parm sandwich here, and I am going to eat it.
Dwight: And I knew that you would do that. The meatball parm is their worst sandwich!
Michael: Oh. [bites into sandwich, looks disgusted] Bastard!
 
Dwight: Hi there. Dwight Schrute here. I was just calling to see if Michael Scott Paper was meeting all of your paper needs, and how is [reading off rolodex card] Brenda, age four, ponytail, and Simon, age 7? Oh, you don't say. 
 
Dwight: [holding up rolodex card] Schrute comma Dwight. And on the back he wrote, "great salesman, better friend." [turns card over] "Tall" and "beets."
 
Dwight: And say hello to Cheri, who is your black wife. [hangs up and answers cell phone] I see you're begging for mercy, huh? Well, you will find none here.
Michael: Dwight, do you mind if we talk?
Dwight: Sure. That'd be fine.
Michael: If you keep coming after us, the Michael Scott Paper Company cannot succeed. 
Dwight: This is war and that is what happens.
Michael: Oh, one more thing. I'm going to have you listen while I steal your biggest client.
Dwight: Oh, no. No. No. No. No.
Michael: Oh, uh oh, I'm turning you down right now.
Dwight: Michael! Michael!
Michael: You can hear me, but I can't hear you.
Secretary: Mr. Schofield's ready to see you now, Mr. Scott.
Michael: Oh, great. Mr. Schofield's ready to see me. Thank you so much.
Dwight: Don't let him in! He's a traitor! Michael!
Michael: Walking in the door...
Mr. Schofield: Michael, good to see you.
Michael: Mr. Schofield, good to see you. And I'm closing the door. [Dwight runs out of the office]
 
Michael: [on speakerphone in Dwight's car] Now, when Dwight tells you that he will keep prices steady for a year, I think he is speaking out of turn. 
Mr. Schofield: Really?
Michael: Yes. He does not have the authority to say that. I, on the other hand, am the president, the owner, and the founder. It is like you are buying software from Bill Gates.
Dwight: Are you saying you invented paper?
 
Andy: [hugging a crying Jim] Okay, okay.
Jim: Oh, God. 
Andy: Okay, Tuna.
Kelly: Hey, guys.
Jim: Hey.
Andy: Hello.
 
Andy: Excuse me, can I have your attention, everyone? Here's the deal, everybody, Jim Halpert is very upset and disturbed. I don't know if it was something you did, something you said, a look you gave him, maybe it was nothing at all, but here's the deal, ok? It stops now.
Kevin: I guess I could be nicer.
Phyllis: Andy, I think Jim is messing with you.
Andy: Oh, really?
Phyllis: Mm-hmm. [looks over to Jim smiling through windows to the kitchen]
 
Jim: Okay.
Andy: Yeah, okay, what the heck is happennin' here?
Jim: Two things I need you to understand. One, Pam and I are very happy together. 
Andy: Uh, that's not what was-
Jim: And two, that stuff that happened with you and Angela is a bummer, and I know you don't think you're ever gonna find someone else, but you will. I promise you, you will.
 
Andy: Oh man, he got me so good. I learned something about myself today. Yeah. I wish this was a sofa, cause I feel like I could sit here and talk for hours.
 
Michael: What is that thing that Dwight always says? Paper is the soil in which the seeds of business grow?
Dwight: It's not the soil! It's the manure! Paper is the manure! On-time delivery is the soil! Aah! [runs into office]
Secretary: Uh, hello, Dwight.
Dwight: Spin move.
Secretary: Oh-
Dwight: Ha ha! April 13th, 2002.
Mr. Schofield: Dwight, I'm in a meeting.
Michael: That's very rude.
Dwight: I barge because I care. April 13th, 2002, that is the date when you tried to switch paper providers for an obscure sociology textbook, but were hung out to dry when the price of glossy stock increased.
Mr. Schofield: Maybe we should schedule a meeting on our-
Dwight: La la la! Continuing. Notice my persistence and recall. Continuing! You called Dunder Mifflin, and your order was filled within an hour!
Michael: I'm going to pull a date out of the air right now. April 13th, 2002. That is the last day that you evaluated your paper needs. Is it not? We all know that the economy is bad, and bloated companies like Dunder Mifflin...
Dwight: Come on.
Michael: Are going to fall by the wayside. Two of their branches have closed within the last year. The Michael Scott Paper Company, however, has opened a new branch this very month.
Dwight: What he's not telling you is that he will abandon you.
Mr. Schofield: Why don't you guys just e-mail me your best offers and we can finish it up that way?
Michael: That sounds like a fantastic idea. I will see you this weekend for the Penguins. Box seats as usual.
Mr. Schofield: Uh, ok, sure.
Michael: Good, good, good. I will see you.
Dwight: Thank you, Mr. Schofield, for your time. Much appreciated. Oh, and tell me, um, how's your gay son?
Mr. Schofield: Excuse me?
 
Michael: I color code all my info. I wrote "gay son" in green. Green means go, so I know to go ahead and shut up about it. Orange means "Orange you glad you didn't bring it up?" Most colors mean "Don't say it."
 
Dwight: How is Tom, the homosexual sophomore?
 
Michael: I wanted to start a company, not a war. Because in a war, you always fight those you are closest to. And the great tragedy of the civil war is that brother fought against brother. For what? What purpose did that serve? Apart from abolishing slavery? In that case, war was the right choice. This doesn't feel as important though. That's just how the world works, I guess.
 
[muffled speech, Ryan, Michael, and Pam all have mouths stuffed with cheese puffs, Michael answers the phone and talks with mouth full]

Michael: It's 4:30 in the morning. Do you know where your kids are? If you are Ryan's parents or Pam's parents or my parents, you do. They're gonna be in this van. With me. Who am I? Nothing to fear. I am just a 44 year old guy with a paper route. 
 
Michael: [honking horn] Time to make the donuts. [laughs and drives away as Ryan tries to get in the van] Come on. Whoa! No, I promise I won't do it again. Come on. [does it again] De-nied!
 
Ryan: We've been making 5:00 AM deliveries for a couple weeks now. Ever since I've gotten clean there's something about fresh morning air that... just really makes me sick.
 
Michael: Hello! Time to make the donuts! Oh, Halpert! Whoa! Boner patrol. Arrest that man! Your donuts make me go nuts! [laughs] Hey Pam.
 
Pam: We got the van at a used car lot. We think it says "Alleluia Church of Scranton." in Korean. It was either this or an old school bus with an owl living in it.
 
Pam: You didn't happen to bring any coffee, did you, Michael?
Michael: Milk and sugar.
Pam: Oh, awesome. You're a life saver. [drinks from coffee cup] Wait, is this just milk and sugar?
Michael: That's what I said.
Pam: Do you drink this every day?
Michael: Every morning.
 
Michael: We're, uh, we're doing okay. A couple weeks in and, um, we're having fun. Uh, yep. We have 20-- of those.
Pam: [an Asian lady tries to enter the van] Oh, oh, excuse me! Sorry. Sorry, no. It's, uh, it's a paper company now. It's not for the church.
 
Charles: Okay, who covers Bans Pet Grooming?
Jim: Oh, they're my client.
Charles: No, they were your client. They just called and told us they're switching over to Michael Scott Paper Company.
Dwight: [sighs] Shame, Jim. I expected more.
Charles: In the last month we have lost ten major clients to Michael Scott.
Stanley: What are we supposed to do? They keep undercutting us on price.
Charles: I don't want to hear excuses. I want to see improvements. This is unacceptable.
Andy: Hey, Boss. Uh, I'd just like to point out that I have been here less time than these guys.
Charles: Why are you telling me this?
Andy: I just think the bar should be lower for a newbie. 
Charles: Is this something you really want to have said?
Andy: I don't want to have said that. But I think it's important that you know it. 
 
Charles: I don't know what to do to inspire these people. Okay, maybe it's my fault-
Dwight: It's not your fault. Some people just don't want to be inspired.
Charles: I wrote a memo to all departments asking them to find ways to save money but, uh-- 
Angela: Charles, I got your memo. Thank you. I want you to know I'm putting my foot down when it comes to expense reports. Waste not, want not.
Charles: Uh, well said, Angela.
Dwight: Been there, done that.
 
Michael: You know what we need? We need some couches in here.
Ryan: Michael, we should really consider getting a delivery guy.
Michael: Oh, you know what you would love? Is if we built a loft.
Pam: Why would I love that? Can we afford a delivery guy?
Michael: Like in a dorm room. You put your desk underneath, you have your loft up top. You can sleep up top. 
Pam: Yeah, I know what a loft is.
Ryan: Most dorm rooms don't even have that.
Michael: Most do in the magazines.
Ryan: Let's see what a delivery guy costs.
Michael: We should look into that. Or we just go for the loft.
 
David Wallace: Would you let Charles know that David is here, please? Jim, hey.
Jim: Hey, David.
Dwight: David Wallace! Hello, we've been expecting you, David Wallace. Charles and I were waiting for you.
Charles: There he is. There he is. How was the trip up?
David: A lot better than a month at the Scranton Radisson, I'm sure. 
Charles: Oh, you know it hasn't been that bad. Hasn't been that bad. These people are the salt of the earth down here. You couldn't ask for a better way to learn a company. 
David: Hmmm.
Charles: I feel like I should be thanking you.
David: Uh.
 
Jim: [makes kissing, puckering sound]
 
Charles: The conference room is ready if we want to get started.
David: You know, I just want to address everyone first. 
Charles: Oh yeah, take your time. Stanley, pay attention.
David: Hi, everyone.
Kelly: Hi.
David: Hi. Uh, look it's no secret-- 
Kevin: Hi.
David: Hello. Uh, it is no secret that Michael Scott Paper has siphoned off a large chunk of our core business. And I'm here-- I just want to assure everyone that we think this is just a temporary setback.
Charles: Right.
David: Okay?
Phyllis: Maybe, and I don't know, if you had just returned Michael's call none of us would've lost clients.
David: I've been wondering that myself lately. We're just gonna get started, we're gonna figure this out. Rest assured. Jim, can you come in with us please?
Charles: Uh, Jim hold on. [whispers] You know, David, uh, Dwight's been my guy. Okay?
David: Hmm.
Charles: Yeah, Jim-- 
David: I find that extraordinarily surprising.
Charles: He shows promise and Jim, I don't know-- I-- he's been a disappointment.
David: We'll bring them both in.
Charles: Okay, great. Uh, Dwight come on in. Also, Jim.
Dwight: Come along, afterthought.
 
Michael: How much can we afford to pay a delivery guy?
Financial Guy: Well, if these numbers you gave me are correct-- 
Michael: They are correct, sir.
Financial Guy: Then you can't afford to pay him anything.
Michael: Okay. A lame attempt at humor. Swing and a miss.
Financial Guy: Your prices are too low.
Michael: Lowest in town.
Financial Guy: Why do you think Staples and Dunder Mifflin can't match your prices?
Pam: Corporate greed?
Ryan: Look, our price model is fine. I reviewed the numbers myself. Over time with enough volume, we become profitable.
Financial Guy: Yeah, with a fixed cost pricing model that's correct.
Ryan: Yeah.
Financial Guy: But you need to use a variable cost pricing model.
Michael: Okay, sure. Right, so-- why don't you explain what that is to-- so that they can under-- just explain what that is.
Ryan: Explain what you think that is.
Financial Guy: Okay.
Michael: Explain that.
Financial Guy: As you sell more paper and your company grows, so will your costs. For example, delivery man, health care... 
Michael: Well, we don't-- 
Financial Guy: ...business expansion-- 
Michael: Whatever, yeah.
Financial Guy: At these prices, the more paper you sell, the less money you'll make.
Michael: Our prices are the only thing keeping us in business.
Financial Guy: They're actually putting you out of business.
Michael: Okay, okay. Hold on, hold on. Ty, I would like you to crunch those numbers again.
Ty: It's a program. There's no such thing-- 
Michael: Just crunch 'em. Just crunch 'em please.
Ty: [presses key on computer] Crunch.
Pam: Did it help?
 
Michael: Hi, Jerry. Michael Scott. Well, this is slightly embarrassing. [laughs] Um, I'm going to have to... ask you to pay me a little bit more money for that delivery we dropped off yesterday. Yeah. We did. We got the check, but we're just going to need a much, much bigger check. 
 
Pam: When a child gets behind the wheel of a car and runs into a tree, You don't blame the child. He didn't know any better. You blame the 30-year-old woman who got in the passenger seat and said, "Drive, kid. I trust you."
 
Jim: Now, would corporate approve a temporary price reduction for returning customers?
Charles: God, no.
Dwight: Stupid. Yeah, makes us look weak.
Charles: I agree.
Dwight: I say we fill Michael's office with bees. My apiarist owes me a favor. 
Jim: Really? Does he do good work or-- 
Dwight: [scoffs] No, Jim. I use a bad apiarist. [sighs]
David: Fellas, why don't we take a five-minute break and then we will come back, start fresh, sort this out.
Dwight: Five minutes exactly.
Charles: Okay. Hey, Dwight. Can I talk to you?
Dwight: Sure thing.
Charles: Yeah.
Jim: [opens phone] Hey. I saw you called.
 
Jim : You're just out of business? 
Pam: We have maybe a month. I don't know what I'm gonna do. 
Jim: Oh, yeah, well don't worry about it. We'll figure it out. We'll be okay. 
Pam: That's what Michael said.
Jim: Oh, yeah. Only this time we will be okay. [cell phone rings; Dwight's voice saying "Idiot, Idiot, Idiot"] Oh, that's my new "Dwight" ring. 
Pam: I like it.
Jim: Good, right? Hello.
Dwight: [over phone] Idiot, we're starting back up. This is Dwight, by the way.
Jim: Oh, okay. [kisses Pam] Don't worry about it.
 
Michael: Did I ever tell you about the day that Steve Martin died?
Pam: Steve Martin's not dead, Michael.
Michael: I know. But I always thought that the day that he died would be the worst day of my life. I was wrong. It's this. 
Pam: You want to hear something sad? 
Michael: I would love that. 
Pam: So Jim and I are getting married and the wedding's really expensive. So I tried to get a job on the weekends to earn extra money. I applied to Old Navy, Target and Wal-mart. None of 'em called me back. Not even for an interview.
Ryan: I never went to Thailand.
Pam: Really?
Ryan: I went to Fort Lauderdale. 
Michael: Was it nice?
Ryan: Yeah, it was amazing. There was a great Pad Thai place, though.
Michael: I love Pad Thai.
Ryan: You've never had Pad Thai.
Michael: No. There's a lot I haven't done. 
 
Jim: Now, this is the projection over three months? 
Charles: We still have the inventory sitting-- [everyone starts chattering at once]
Dwight: Let me float something out there, okay? Can I just say-- can I say something? 
David: Yeah, yeah.
Dwight: There is a hive of bees outside the front door. We kidnap the queen, extract her alarm pheromones, place them on a flushable wipe, put that in his bathroom.
David: I can't believe I'm about to say this, but the cheapest option... is to make Michael an offer. 
Charles: Yes. Yes, I was gonna say the same thing. We should buy him out.
Jim: Oh, but you didn't.
Dwight: Oh, Man! If only Michael had children. That's how you really apply the pressure. 
Charles: What is wrong with you?
David: Jim, you're-- you're pretty close with him. You think they'd be up for hearing an offer? 
Jim: Oh, I don't know. You know, they've taken a good deal of clients, so-- 
David: Yeah.
Jim: I mean I guess-- I guess I could go down there and try to nudge them in the right direction.
Dwight: You know what? Why don't I do it, okay? Michael adores me. I'm the man for this job. Charles, you got my back on this?
Charles: No, Jim... I think you should go.
Jim: Okay, so I'll be back in, um-- back in a bit. 
 
Michael: [knocking on door] Hmm?
Jim: Hey, can I talk to you guys for a second? 
Michael: We're not hiring, Jim.
Jim: Actually here for something else.
Michael: Listen, I can't make you laugh right now. 
Jim: You know I love a good guessing game, but why don't I just tell you what I'm here for? Turns out you guys have made a pretty big dent in the Dunder Mifflin sales.
Ryan: Oh, that's nice.
Jim: David Wallace has asked me to come down here and see if you would be interested in Dunder Mifflin buying you out.
Pam: Seriously? Are you being serious?
Ryan: He's bluffing, Pam.
Michael: Jim, what you don't understand is that this company's worthl-- 
Jim: Oh!
Michael: No-- We don't have-- 
Jim: Oh! See I'm here to learn as little information as possible. All I really need to hear is if your incredibly successful company would be receptive to a buyout.
Michael: [stammers] Uh... Yes.
Pam: Yes.
Ryan: Maybe.
Jim: Three yeses. I will see you titans of industry upstairs.
Michael: Yes, well, we're not only tight-ends, we are also quarterbacks.
Jim: Missed the last part.
Michael: That's a pun.
Jim: Got it.
Michael: Yep. Oh... wow.
 
Ryan: Okay, so you are not going to reveal in any way that we're broke.
Michael: Of course not. 
Ryan: That we're having any problem at all. 
Michael: Nope, nope, nope.
Pam: Just to reiterate, none of us is going to say anything that might indicate that we are going broke.
Michael: Right, right. There is no way in hell that I am going to say that we're broke.
 
Michael: Oh, I'm really worried that I'm going to say it. 
Pam: No, Michael. 
Michael: Ah... 
Ryan: No, man. You're-- you're fine.
Pam: We have to come from a position of strength. 
Michael: I'm good, I'm good. 
Ryan: Just put it out of your mind.
Michael: It is. I'm good.
 
Michael: Hello.
Erin: Hi.
Michael: Michael Scott Paper Company to see Mr. David Wallace. I believe we're expected. [David and Charles walk out of conference room] Well, well, well. How the turntables... 
 
David: Michael, in order to expedite these negotiations, we are prepared to make you a very generous offer.
Michael: And we are prepared to reject that offer.
Ryan: Michael, you haven't even heard-- 
Michael: Never accept their first offer. What is your second offer? 
David: $12,000.
Michael: Are you kidding me? That is insultingly low. I don't even want to hear what your first offer was. 
 
Angela: What do you hear?
Kelly: [mumbles]
 
David: Here's the situation. Your company is four weeks old. I know this business. I know what suppliers are charging. I know you can't be making very much money. I don't know how your prices are so low, but I know it can't keep up that way. I'm sure you're scared. Probably in debt. This is the best offer you're gonna get. 
Michael: I'll see your situation and I'll raise you a situation. Your company is losing clients left and right. You have a stockholder meeting coming up and you're going to have to explain to them why your most profitable branch is bleeding. So they may be looking for a little change in the CFO. So I don't think I need to wait out Dunder Mifflin. I think I just have to wait out you. 
David: Okay, now I don't know that I can get this. I do have to go to the board for approval. How's about $60,000. Hmm? $60,0000. Michael? 
Michael: [stutters] We'll have to talk-- 
Charles: What?
Ryan: We'll have to talk about this. 
Pam: Mm-hmm.
Michael: Just amongst ourselves. 
David: Okay, yes. Please take the room. Be right outside. Take your time. 
Michael: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. 
Pam: $60,000.
Michael: We are so rich.
Pam: Are you kidding me?
 
Dwight: Well, Jerry, the one who got away. May I ask why you're leaving the Michael Scott Paper Company? Really? Please hold. [gets up and runs to kitchen] Charles.
Charles: Dwight. 
Dwight: May I have your attention? The Michael Scott Paper Company is broke. 
Charles: What? How'd you hear that?
Dwight: They've been calling all of their clients and begging them to pay more money. That can only mean one thing. They're desperate. Which can only mean one thing. They're total failures.
Jim: Great work Dwight.
Dwight: Quiet you.
Jim: No, I mean, great detective work. 'Cause this must be the first case you've ever cracked, right?
Dwight: You don't crack a case. That has pejorative connotation. That's like calling a policeman a cop. You solve a case, and yes, I've solved plenty. 
Charles: So how long can they stay viable?
Jim: What are your top five cases?
Dwight: I'm gonna answer Charles first.
Jim: Because you've solved zero cases. 
Dwight: Okay, one. Case of the beet bandit. Missing beets from all over the farm. No footprints. Inside job. Mose in socks. Boom, case closed. 
Charles: Okay, do not go anywhere near the conference room.
Dwight: Done.
Charles: Because you have embarrassed me for the last time today. Got it?
Dwight: I'm not-- I'm not following you.
Charles: You two are morons.
Jim: Got it.
Dwight: Wh-- 
Charles: Get out.
 
David: So you've thought it over, yes, and you accept our offer. We can finally put this whole thing behind us? Hmm?
Michael: No. 
Pam: Can you give us another minute please?
David: Yeah. 
Charles: Oh, okay.
Pam: Michael.
Ryan: How could you do this to me, Michael? You just cost me $60,000.
Pam: Why are you assuming you'd get the whole thing?
Michael: It's a lot of money, okay. But we need money coming in every week. We need jobs. Wouldn't you rather have a fishing pole than a fish? 
Ryan: I would rather have $60,000, honestly. 
Pam: No, Michael's right. Jobs are safer. 
Michael: Agreed?
Pam: Agreed. But that's all, okay.
Ryan: Yeah, discuss these things-- 
Michael: Shut up, shut up. Hello?
 
Michael: I want my old job back. I want my old parking space back. I want a Sebring.
Charles: They don't make them anymore. 
Michael: And I want Charles gone. 
David: I am not firing Charles. He is very valuable. 
Charles: That's very kind of you to say, David. 
Michael: I need him gone.
David: No. 
Michael: Okay, then I want Pam back. 
David: Uh, you already have a new receptionist-- 
Michael: Sales.
Pam: Thank you. 
David: Pam's not a salesperson.
Michael: Yes, she is. At the Michael Scott Paper Company in it's heyday. 
Pam: That's right.
David: Okay. Please continue.
Michael: And Ryan.
David: Ryan cost Dunder Mifflin hundreds of thousands of dollars, Michael. Ryan is-- 
Michael: You know, David. I don't care if Ryan murdered his entire family he is like a son to me.
David: Do you realize what you're asking for here? You're talking about salary plus health benefits-- 
Michael: And dental this time.
David: Insurance, taxes, social security for three people. This is a heck of a lot more than 60 grand. You're talking about a multi-million dollar buy-out. 
Michael: These are our demands.
David: Your company cannot be worth that much. 
Michael: Our company is worth nothing. That's the difference between you and I. Business isn't about money to me, David. If tomorrow my company goes under, I will just start another paper company. And then another and another and another. I have no shortage of company names.
David: Michael-- 
Michael: That's one of 'em! Yes. These are our demands. This is what we want. Our balls are in your court. 
David: Okay. Deal. Okay?
Michael: Can we have the room please?
David: Yeah. [David and Charles leave room, Michael shuts the door and closes the blinds] 
Ryan: Yes, yes, yes!
Pam: Alright!
Michael: Yes! Can you believe it? That's what I'm talking about!
 
Michael: There are certain defining moments in a person's life. The day he is born. The day he grows hair. The day he starts a business. And the day he sells that business back to Dunder Mifflin. What have I learned from all of this? It is far too early to tell. I just know that I am flying high and I don't even want to think about it. I just want to enjoy it. 
 
Charles: Hey, guys-- 
Michael: No, no. You're done. 

Kevin: At least once a year, I like to bring in some of my Kevin's Famous Chili. The trick is to undercook the onions. Everybody is going to get to know each other in the pot. I'm serious about this stuff. I'm up the night before pressing garlic and dicing whole tomatoes. I toast my own Ancho chilies. It's a recipe passed down from Malone's for generations. It's probably the thing I do best. 
 
Michael: Someone is returning! He started his own company, and now he's back. Who could it be? I'll give you a hint. He is a man. A man you have missed with all your heart. A man who has ruined all other men for you. Who is it?
Ryan: [whispering] Who is it?
Pam: [whispering] Who is it?
Michael: [whispering] It's Michael Scott. [applause; Michael jumps through sign] Hold it up. Conference room, five minutes. 
 
Michael: Well, I guess the first order of business is to welcome back me, and Pam and Ryan. [scattered applause] And how about casual Friday again, huh? Reinstituting casual Friday? You all look great. What I want to do right now is try something a little different. I'm going to throw it out there, starting with this meeting. I want you guys to run it. I want you to say whatever you want, take it away. Your meeting. 
Dwight: [after a few moments of silence] Wh--what are you doing?
Michael: If there is something that you would like to say as a group, then by all means, you may say it to me right now. 
Angela: Okay.
Michael: Yes.
Angela: People are dressed inappropriately. 
Michael: Take it up with Toby. What I want you to do, is I want you to look inward. And I want you to reflect. And I want you to say something different. 
Jim: Can you give us a hint?
 
Michael: When I needed salespeople for my new paper company, everyone here turned their back on me. Am I going to ask them to beg for forgiveness? No. Am I going to ask for big, crying apology? No. Am I going to ask them to slit their wrists for me? No. I just want a tiny, microscopic version of that.
 
Michael: Oscar, what were you going to say?
Oscar: Nothing. I didn't say anything.
Michael: All right.
Erin: Do I still have a job here?
Michael: Not important. [everyone mutters] Okay, alright. Yes. Yes, you have a job. Frankly, you have a job because Ryan and Pam are starting with us as salesmen. 
Dwight: Wait, what?
Stanley: How is that going to work?
Michael: It's going to work very smoothly, because Pam and Ryan are bringing over a ton of clients from Michael Scott Paper Company and--
Phyllis: You mean the clients you stole from us. 
Dwight: Yeah , aren't we getting those clients back?
Michael: No, you lost those clients. 
Andy: I call foul, sir.
Michael: Okay.
Dwight: You were bought out. So the company then bought out all of the stolen clients. 
Michael: Okay, Dwight. Let me explain something to you. I set the rules and you follow them. Blindly. Okay? And if you have a problem with that then you can talk to our complaint department. It's a trash can. 
 
Meredith: [to Ryan] Don't fall in love with me, kid.
 
Pam: [laughs] Boscov's at the Steamtown Mall? 
Phyllis: It sure looked good on the mannequin. 
Pam: Well, you have good taste.
Phyllis: Well, thanks. I sure wish I had more time to talk to my clients, though. 
Pam: What?
Phyllis: Isn't that what you said to a bunch of my clients when you were stealing them? That I didn't have enough time for them?
Pam: Oh, I, um...
Phyllis: Close your mouth, sweetie. You look like a trout.
 
Angela: The man is wearing sandals. I don't need to see Oscar's toes at work. Gross! I mean he looks like he just got off the boat. 
Toby: Can't you just not look at his feet?
Angela: Excuse me? Oh. You're so educated, aren't you Toby? So trained to deal with a hysterical woman. I don't want to look at his feet. [storms off] Do your job!
 
Toby: Well, I was in the Seminary for a year and dropped out 'cause I wanted to have sex with this girl, Cathy. Followed her to Scranton. Took the first job I could find in H.R. Later she divorced me. So no, I wouldn't say I have a passion for H.R.
 
Michael: [hands Ryan a soda] There you are, my friend. 
Ryan: Oh, thanks, man.
Michael: Pamela. 
Pam: Thank, Michael.
Michael: Yep. 
 
Dwight: Fresh hot ink. 
Stanley: "New File System".
Dwight: Trust me, Stanley, you're going to want to read this memo very carefully. 
Stanley: I am not changing the way I do my files. 
Dwight: No, no. This goes for all of you. Believe me, you are going to want to heat my words. 
 
Dwight: When held over heat the invisible ink will reveal that everyone should meet at the warehouse immediately. Do not ask me where I got the invisible ink. Urine. It was urine. 
 
Oscar: I'm sorry you're offended by my shoes, but I am not going to drive home to change. 
Toby: I could loan you a pair of socks. 
Oscar: No.
Toby: No, they're clean. I was going to wear them to volleyball practice later. 
Oscar: I don't think so.
 
Andy: Andrew Bernard.
Dwight: Okay, what are you still doing at your desk?
Andy: What are you still doing not at your desk?
Dwight: Did you even read the memo? 
Andy: All my files are now in reverse alphabetical order-- 
Dwight: No, you idiot. There is a code embedded in the memo. Listen, you need to round up all the salesmen, except for Ryan and Pam, and get them down to the warehouse pronto. 
Andy: Oh, it is on like a prawn who yawns at dawn. 
Dwight: Stop doing rhyming poetry. Just tell them, please. God, the simplest thing. 
 
Dwight: We're in crisis mode here, do you understand? The two unqualified so-called salespeople are being favored because they all failed together. And frankly, I'm not convinced that Michael and Pam didn't have a thing going while they were gone. 
Jim: Can I address that?
Dwight: No, you're too close.
Jim: Okay. 
Dwight: Stanley, how do you feel about those two taking your clients? 
Stanley: It's not right. I don't like it. 
Dwight: He doesn't like it. 
Phyllis: You don't take my clients away and give them to a secretary. [sighs] No offense, Jim. I think she's very pretty. 
Dwight: Her face is okay, but-- Jesus! What --what are you doing here? 
Meredith: I don't know. I saw a crowd. I thought there might be a dogfight or something--
Dwight: Get out! We need to do something. I'm thinking maybe a coup or we take Ryan hostage. 
Phyllis: Those sound too harsh.
Dwight: No, I'm not saying we do those things. I'm saying something like those things. 
Jim: Of course. What is like a hostage? 
Dwight: Excellent question. 
Andy: We could write a strong-worded letter. 
Dwight: Words will never be enough. 
Jim: Strongly-painted picture. 
Dwight: No, pictures are too interpretive. 
Jim: Can I just say something? I know that tempers are high, but I think the best way to handle this might be to just talk to Michael directly. 
Dwight: Oh. Well, that--that's a great idea, Jim. Oh, I totally see your point. Okay, we'll talk to Michael directly. So uh, meeting is over, I guess. I'll see everyone upstairs. 
Jim: Great. See you upstairs. 
Dwight: C'mon. [whispers] Guys. Psst, listen. Now is the time for action. I'm talking action--
 
Pam: That one's great. 
Michael: I know. 
Ryan: You look so classy in that picture. 
Michael: I do? Well--Where is that bowl?
Jim: Hey, you have a second?
Michael: Michael Scott Paper Company only. 
Jim: Yeah, I think you're going to want to cool it with that 'cause it's starting to upset the other salesmen. 
Michael: Okay, well---
Ryan: Tough.
Michael: I will--no, no. I'll talk to them when they all get back from the bathroom. 
Jim: This is awkward to talk about, but there may or may not be--but definitely is--a mutiny forming in the warehouse right now. 
Michael: Against who?
Ryan: You. Us. 
Pam: What?
Ryan: It's gotta be because they all want their clients. 
 
Michael: The old Michael Scott might have taken this, but not the new Michael Scott. They are in for a bitter surprise. I am not to be truffled with. 
 
Michael: Six weeks ago, none of these people wanted to come with me. You two were the only ones with the stones to follow. 
Pam: Mm-hmmm.
Michael: That was us, right there.
Pam: We were something else. 
Ryan: What you gotta do is you gotta go down to that warehouse and you gotta crack some skulls. 
Michael: Mm-hmm.
Ryan: Chiklis style.
Michael: Yeah, the Commish.
Ryan: Yes, but Chiklis Shield style. Not Commish style.
Michael: Yeah, yeah. The Shield. 
 
Creed: It's crazy what's going on out there today, huh? 
Jim: I know. Yeah, it's...kinda--
Creed: Sometimes it's best just to say out of it. 
Jim: That's true. That's right. Yeah. 
Creed: Want to play a game?
 
Michael: Hey gang. Where you been? 
Dwight: Lunch. 
Michael: Where'd you eat? 
Phyllis: A restaurant.
Michael: What'd you have, Stanley?
Andy: I had a salmon salad. With water, no ice. I was going to get a soda, but the waiter talked me out of it. Her name was Flo, she had black hair. 
Stanley: I had Mexican food. 
Michael: So since you guys already ate, you won't be eating the stuff you brought with you for lunch, will you? [walks into kitchen] Oh, wow, Stanley. Is that egg salad? Andy brought some salmon. 
Ryan: That looks great. 
Michael: Dwight, is that a meat sandwich? You guys hungry?
Ryan: I can eat. 
Michael: I'm going to o have some of this meat sandwich. 
Dwight: It's pony. 
Michael: Mom. What kind of sauce is on your salmon?
Andy: Dijonnaise.
Michael: Mmm. Thanks for going out, guys.
Pam: Mmm. 
 
Toby: Hey, Meredith. Can I talk to you privately for a second? 
Meredith: About what?
Toby: Your outfit. 
Meredith: What? What's wrong with my outfit?
Toby: You--you might consider pulling it down a touch. It's ri--it's riding up a little high. 
Meredith: A bunch of prudes. You know, Oscar's allowed to wear sandals, but I'm not allowed to wear open-toed shoes? [pulls down dress, office gasps] Is that how it goes? 
Oscar: Meredith, your boob is out. 
Meredith: Fine. [pulls dress up, everyone gasps again]
Angela: Meredith, too far!
Kelly: Dammit, Meredith, where are your panties? 
Meredith: It's casual day. Happy? [bends over to get a file, exposing herself to the office]
 
Creed: [playing chess with Jim] No. IF you do that, I'm gonna do that. IF you do that, I'm gonna do that. IF you do this, I'm gonna do that. 
Jim: Well, what if I just do this? 
Creed: You don't want to do that. 
 
Jim: I'm just hiding out until all this stuff blows over. With Creed. Playing chess. At work. He's winning. I feel like I'm describing a dream I had. 
 
Ryan: I'm sorry you feel that way, Mr. Bart. Is there anything I can do to make things better? 
Dwight: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Give me the phone. Give me the phone.
Ryan: Exactly. 
Dwight: That's my client.
Ryan: Exactly. This is your first complaint in ten years.
Dwight: Give me the phone.
Ryan: Things have been generally good. 
Dwight: Give me the phone. Tell him Dwight Schrute wants to talk to him. 
Ryan: Look, uh, Mr. Bart...
Dwight: Hi, Mr. Bart. 
Ryan: At these prices with this service...
Dwight: Hey, it's Dwight here. Give me the phone. 
Ryan: You're not gonna find this anywhere else. 
Dwight: Dwight Schrute here. Hey, don't hang up. 
Ryan: No, no, no. Sir, don't listen. 
Dwight: I know times are tough right now, and I laud your thriftiness. [tries to pull phone out of Ryan's hand] Ryan! 
Phyllis: Ryan, hand the phone over. 
Ryan: Stop flustering me, everybody!
Stanley: Who let this boy on the phone?
Dwight: Ah! Mr. Bart! Ugh! [slams phone down[ I cannot believe you lost that account. He was my client for ten years!
Pam: You made him lose the account by screaming at him the entire time. It's okay, Ryan.
Dwight: You're a secretary! What do you know? 
Ryan: Okay.
Dwight: And you're a temp and I'm taking your phone. I'm confiscating this.
Michael: Hey, hey guys. You know what I want you to do? Shake hands, get over it. That was not a shake, Dwight. 
Dwight: We want our clients back or we quit, Michael. 
Michael: Who quits? 
Phyllis: Me. 
Stanley: And me. 
Andy: Me too. 
Michael: You guys gotta be kidding. 
Dwight: No, we gotta be deadly serious. We'll start our own paper company. The Schrute-Bernard-Lapin-Vance...Stanley Paper Company. 
Michael: I love it. I love this idea, and I fully support you. As a matter of fact, I'm going to give you some seed money. [throws money at Phyllis] There you go. There's some seed money for you. And you can take it, no hard feelings. But if you stay, I want an apology, and I want a big one.
Stanley: You want us to apologize to you?
Michael: Yes I do. 
Andy: That's completely backwards. 
Michael: It's frontward's.
Phyllis: Michael, you thought you were attacking corporate, but we were the ones who got hurt. You should be apologizing to us. 
Stanley: That's right.
Dwight: Right.
Phyllis: Michael, you always said we were a family. Then you went after us. 
 
Michael: No matter how I look at this, I am in the wrong. And I have looked at this thing, like a hundred different ways. From my point of view, from their point of view...98 others. And the bottom line, I am in the wrong. I'm the bad guy.
 
Michael: I need you to arrange a meeting between me and the sales staff without Ryan and Pam knowing.
Dwight: Gasp. Are you talking about a secret meeting?
Michael: Whatever you guys did earlier.
Dwight: I don't know that first things about secret meetings. 
Michael: Just do it, okay?
Dwight: I'll do--
Michael: Get 'em there. Get 'em there.
Dwight: I'll do the best I can.
Michael: Are you kidding me? 
Dwight: Deceit does not come easy to me.
Michael: Okay, okay, okay.
 
Erin: I really love your outfit. 
Kelly: Thank you so much for saying that. I can't believe that Toby thinks this is inappropriate. 
Erin: You look like J-Lo.
 
Michael: So from the bottom of my heart to the top of my heart, I am sorry. 
Stanley: Are you giving us our clients back? 
Michael: If we could just focus and go down the line, and everyone would say, "apology accepted", I think we would all feel better. And then we can break out my gift to you--complimentary white chocolate bark.
Stanley: Nobody likes that stuff except for you. 
Michael: They wouldn't make it unless people liked it. 
Phyllis: Michael, just give us our clients back. That's all we care about.
Michael: Okay. If I give you your clients back there won't be enough clients for Ryan and Pam, and I promised both of them they were gonna be salespeople.
Stanley: So? 
Michael: Fine, have your clients. I can see that's what you wanted all along. [everyone mutters "okay"] However, I rescind my apology. 
Dwight: That's fair.
Michael: You are not reacting at all as I had hoped. 
Darryl: What'd I tell you about building forts in my warehouse?
 
Ryan: Michael gave all of our clients back to their old salespeople, so now there's not enough for both me and Pam to stay on. 
Pam: He can only keep one of us as a salesperson now. He'll make his decision by the end of the day. 
Ryan: I think you should get it. You really grew into it.
Pam: Oh. I think you should get it. You've changed a lot and you'd be good at it.
Ryan: If you really think that, will you tell that to Michael? That would go a long way coming from you.
Pam: Yeah.
Ryan: Thanks.
 
Creed: So hey, I'm want to set you up with my daughter. 
Jim: Oh, I'm engaged to Pam. 
Creed: I thought you were gay.
Jim: Then why would you want to set me up with your daughter?
Creed: I don't know. 
Michael: Jim. Can I talk to you for a minute?
Jim: Sure. Let me just finish this turn.
Michael: [puts Scrabble pieces on board] And Bingo was his name. Let's go.
Creed: Challenge.
 
Michael: I need your help. This whole Pam/Ryan debate is screwing with my head.
Jim: I don't want to be biased, but I am very close to Ryan. You know that. 
Michael: You're close with Pam too.
Jim: Eh, she's nice, I guess. You know what? Best thing to do, Pros and Cons list.
Michael: Pro for Ryan, he went to business school, he's my number one choice. 
Jim: Well, that's--
Michael: I like his hair. 
Jim: Cons, Ryan. He defrauded the company. He has never made a sale.
Michael: Okay.
Jim: He definitely stole my iPod. 
Michael: That sounds pretty biased. 
Jim: You didn't hear my pros. Environmentally-conscious 'cause his mom drives him to work everyday. 
Michael: Okay. Pam, pros. 
Jim: Mm-hmm.
Michael: I like her. I think that she is a fast learner. Cons, she doesn't always follow through. Sh--New York and the whole art school thing. And Roy. She has a weird voice.
Jim: That's not true.
Michael: I don't need to tell you that. 
Jim: I think she'd be a really good salesperson.
Michael: I don't think you are being totally impartial though, because you haven't said one bad thing about Pam.
Jim: And I won't.
Michael: Okay. So be it, then you've lost credibility. And I'm going to go with my guy, and that's Ryan.
Jim: All right. You're right, sometimes when she's tired, she can be a little bit shrill. But that's not a weird voice. 
Michael: Oh, wow! Whoa!
Jim: Take it easy.
Michael: Ho-ho, man! Wow. [in a high-pitched voice] Honey! I want you to bring the garbage out. 'Cause I'm not going to have sex with you unless you bring out the garba--
 
Michael: I have a very difficult decision to make. It's like last week I was at the video store. Do I rent Devil Wears Prada again? Or do I finally get around to seeing Sophie's Choice? It is what you would call a classic difficult decision. 
 
Andy: You don't understand clothing, Toby. You're dressed like this amorphous blob of khaki. 
Toby: All right, look, what you gotta understand is that when you come to work, you give up certain rights.
Dwight: Listen up, Flenderson. You're being weak and ineffectual. I'm cowboying this meeting, okay? Here are the new rules. Earth tones only. Also, women are forbidden to wear pants.
Toby: All right, come. Sit down, Dwight.
Dwight: No. 
Toby: I'm running this meeting. 
Dwight: That's debatable.
Toby: It's not. It's not. Sit down or I am writing you up. 
Meredith: Ooh, where has this guy been?
Toby: Casual Fridays are cancelled. [everyone protests] Let's just not do it anymore. 
Andy: You're running from the problem.
Toby: There's not a single appropriate outfit in this whole--except mine, quite honestly. 
 
Michael: Pam, can you come in here, please? Have a seat. [clears throat] Well, there's no easy way of saying this. So I think I will just...drag it out. Since the dawn of time there has been--
Pam: Just tell me.
Michael: I gave Ryan the sales job. There just weren't enough clients for the two of you. So I had to--
Pam: No, okay. 
Michael: I'm sorry, sorry.
Pam: Okay, I get it. [Michael laughs] Why are you giggling? Is this a joke? [Michael continues to laugh] Michael, is this-- did I get the job? 
Michael: [laughing] Yes, you did.
Pam: I did?
Michael: Yep.
Pam: For real, you're not kidding?
Michael: No, you--no.
Pam: I did?
Michael: No, you're the best person for the job. You're going to be great. 
Pam: Oh, Michael, thank you. Thank you. 
Michael: [laughing] Oh, oh!
Pam: Thank you. You will not be sorry.
Michael: You should have seen your face. Oh man! Oh, that was classic.
Pam: Oh. [laughing] I really thought I didn't get it.
Michael: Oh, really?
Pam: Yeah. 'Cause you said I didn't
Michael: Oh, man. That was really good. That was really good.
Pam: What about Ryan? 
Michael: I don't know, I offered him his temp job back. We'll see. He was not happy at all when I offered him this job and then I told him he didn't get the job, so--
Pam: Yeah. Maybe you shouldn't fake fire people anymore. 
Michael: I don't appreciate you telling me what to do. So clean out your desk, you are through here.
Pam: Thanks, Michael.
Michael: Oh! What's our receptionists name?
Pam: Erin.
Michael: Could you send her in? 
Pam: [opens door] Erin. Michael wants to see you.
Michael: Hello.
Erin: Hi.
Michael: Have a seat. 
 
Michael: This is very difficult to say, but no one here like you in the office and we are going to have to let you go. [pick up phone] Hank, could you come up here please? Hank is our security guard--
Erin: Oh, I can go.
Michael: He will be ushering you out. [starts laughing] 
Erin: Oh!
Michael: Oh, your face! Oh!
Erin: Is--do the people--
Michael: No, I'm kidding. No, you're not--you're not fired. Yet.
Erin: Oh!
Michael: Oh...
Erin: Do they not like me, though?
Michael: I don't know, actually.
Erin: Okay.

Erin: Oh my God! I can't believe it! I jut won an art contest! [Erin screams, Pam and Jim look at each other, Dwight, laughing, gets up and hands her some money]
Erin: [whispering] Thanks. I still don't understand why you wanted me to say that.
Dwight: Shut up. 
 
Dwight: [laughs hysterically] I got her!
 
Pam: Not cool, Dwight. [Dwight continues laughing]
Jim: Not cool. [Dwight still laughing]
 
Michael: [caught by camera crew dancing to "At the Car Wash", but laughing] Oh, no. I still have the lease on the Michael Scott Paper Company, so occasionally I will sneak down here for a little coffee and dancing. I actually dance all the time. Tip-toeing around corporate - it is a ballet. When I am breaking all the rules, I am break dancing. And expresso.
 
Michael: Guys, I'm scared. I'm really scared. I think I'm growing into a giant. Because look at this normal sized coffee cup. Looks so tiny in my giant hand now. Anybody want to go to lunch with me later on?
Dwight: I do.
Michael: Okay. How about a woman? Pam?
Pam: Oh, I can't do lunch. I was just sending you an email. Jim and I need to leave early today to meet with our contractor. 
Michael: Oh, really? Ok.
Pam: Just sent it.
Michael: What about the rest of you? [complete silence]
 
Michael: At Dunder-Mifflin there is a very strict no lunch with the boss policy and I don't know who instituted it. I think it started right after my predecessor stepped down, but at the Michael Scott Paper Company I really enjoyed having lunch with Pam and Ryan everyday. So, rules be damned, I wanna have lunch with these people.
 
Michael: Who else? Who else? Ryan?
Ryan: I don't do lunch. I'm eating five small meals a day now.
 
Ryan: Now that I'm back to doing the job of a temp, again, I find that food is one thing I can control.
 
Michael: Ok. Anyone? Anyone? At all? Accounting? I am accounting on you to go to lunch with me.
Angela: No. I don't want to stay late to have a two hour lunch.
Phyllis: Michael, we have a lot of work to do.
Michael: What?
Phyllis: Work.
Michael: Ugh! God! What happened to you people? [talking like a robot] We are just office drones. We are office drones. All we do is work... is work.
 
Pam: If you don't take out his battery, he just keeps going all day.
 
Pam: Oh, no. Your battery fell out.
Michael: [still talking like a robot] I... was just learning... to... love.
 
Erin: Hi, guys. How you doing?
Dwight: Erin, how many times do I have to tell you? It is not necessary for you to ask us how we are doing every time you interact with us.
Erin: Right. I'm sorry.
Dwight: [sighs] Now, how can I help you?
Erin: Did somebody here leave a map in the printer to Youngstown, Ohio?
Dwight: Attention, office. Who here is planning a trip to Youngstown, Ohio? I will take your silence to mean that you are all hiding something. This location is the Superior Court - 
Pam: So someone is going to a court. Big deal.
Dwight: It is a big deal. Cause there's only a handful of reasons why someone would ever go to a courthouse in Ohio and not be charged with a crime. To claim an inheritance from a deceased relative. To obtain a learner's permit at age 14 and a half instead of 15. Erin, let me see your birth certificate.
Erin: Sure.
 
Jim: There are other reasons to go to Ohio.
Pam: We're getting married today.
Jim: So, it turns out it's the closest place to get a marriage license without a 3 day waiting period.
Pam: Tell 'em how it happened.
Jim: Ok. So, we're going through all the wedding plans and, boy, it is complicated.
Pam: And very expensive.
Jim: Very expensive. Cause you say you want a small wedding and that's great but then you have to invite -
Pam: You can't leave anyone out.
Jim: No one.
Pam: Ok, just get to the good part.
Jim: Ok. Right. Oh, so this morning we are having breakfast together and I just looked up from my cereal and I said, " You know what I want to do today? I want to marry you."
Pam: I had just woken up. I didn't look cute. That's how I knew he meant it.
 
Erin: Michael? Michael sorry to bother you. Are you going to be working down here? Do you want these down here now?
Michael: No work. No work. No work. I come in here to release frustration. Ooh. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ooh.
Erin: Well, I like to swim.
Michael: That's good.
Erin: You have a cool place to come hang.
Michael: If you ever want to come down here, door's always open, lock's broken, so... 
Erin: Thanks.
Michael: Come on in. Hey, hey, hey. Here we go. Here we go. Yeah.
Erin: Wow.
Michael: Now you got it.
Erin: Now I do got it.
Michael: Now you got it. Hey, you want some espresso?
Erin: Oh, yeah.
Michael: You gotta keep yourself dehydrated.
Erin: That's rule #1.
Michael: Ok. I love it. I love it.
Erin: Whew.
Michael: I love it.
 
Michael: Guys, I believe that I have figured out what is up your butts. There's no reason to be scared. The bad man is gone.Charles is gone.
 
Michael: Charles really did a number on these guys. They are way too focused on work. When I was in charge, this place was like Dave and Buster's People just hanging out, having, fun, eating apps. I don't know. It's like [pause] Dave died or something.
 
Michael: Daddy's here and daddy is going to take care of you.
Oscar: Please don't refer to yourself as our daddy.
Michael: I am your big daddy and I am gonna kiss da boo boo.
Andy: [baby voice] Wittle Andy is afwaid.
Michael: Andy's afwaid?
Andy: Yes.
Michael: Are you all afwaid?
Dwight: No.
Michael: Daddy's here for you. My wittle angels. Ok. I think that I have figured a way to get you guys out of your funk.
Pam: What?
Michael: Funk is the problem and the solution.
Jim: That makes sense.
Michael: I've taken my downstairs office and I have turned it into a place to hang out. A place where unattractive and attractive people can get together. To meet. To greet. To see the ones that you love. To love the ones that you see.
Oscar: Is this our punishment for not wanting to have lunch with you?
Michael: Why don't you get over lunch, Oscar? Everybody else is past it.
Dwight: [Jack Nicholson impression] All work and no play makes Michael a dull boy.
Meredith: This is like a haunted coffeehouse thing?
Michael: No. Dwight is confusing you. That - it's, it's more of a disco.
Andy: It's like a haunted disco.
Michael: ... with coffee but without the haunted.
Phyllis: It's a combo dance house coffee bar.
Michael: It's a daytime disco on the ground floor of and industrial office building.
Erin: It's a cafe disco.
Michael: Exactly.
Kevin: So, like, a disco cafe?
Michael: Wha - No. No. Not even close. I can't force you to go down but I can entice you. I'm gonna be down there. Erin will be down there from time to time... and all-you-can-eat espresso.
 
Michael: Well, Kevin, I guess it is just me and you.
Kevin: Yeah.
Michael: Holdin' down the fort.
Kevin: Yeah. This place is great.
Michael: Thank you.
Angela: Oh, my God, Kevin. I am still on hold. You were supposed to get the answer from Michael and come back up.
Kevin: I'm sorry.
Michael: This is a no work zone. Please respect the lei.
Kevin: Yeah. Respect the lei.
Angela: Come.
Michael: Kevin, stay.
Angela: Kevin, come.
Michael: Kevin, stay.
Angela: Kevin, come.
Michael: Stay, stay.
Angela: Come on, right now.
Michael: Cookie. Kevin, cookie.
Angela: Ugh. There is no cookie, Kevin.
Kevin: [to Michael] Is there a cookie?
Michael: Mmm-hmm.
Angela: Wha - 
Michael: Come on.
Angela: Oh, for goodness sakes, Kevin. There's no cookie. There's no cookie. Come on. Come.
Kevin: I wanted a cookie.
Angela: Completely unacceptable.
 
Michael: Now I know what the founders of Phillip-Morris felt like. you just want to give people a smooth, fun way to relax and suddenly you're just some terrible monster.
 
Andy: [Michael is holding the stereo speaker up to a vent - blaring "[Gonna Make You Sweat] Everybody Dance Now", spins in chair] Oww!
Phyllis: Aw, what the hell? [goes to Vance Refrigeration] Hi, Jessica. Is Bob in?
Jessica: Oh, he's on a call.
Phyllis: Oh, I'll just duck my head in.
Jessica: It's pretty important. He wouldn't want to be disturbed. Can I give him a message before he gets off?
Phyllis: Tell him I'm going dancing downstairs in the storage closet between the bathrooms that used to be a utility shower and he should join me there.
Jessica: I'll let him know.
Phyllis: Mmm-hmm.
 
Michael: Phyllis?
Phyllis: Hi.
Michael: Hey!
Phyllis: Hey. I like.
Michael: [starts dancing with Phyllis] Alright. Back. There you are. There you go. Good. Good. Ooh. Show me some attitude.
Phyllis: Oh! Mother ******!
Michael: Oh, God! No! No! No! No! No!
Phyllis: Back!
Michael: Oh, wow! What did you do?
Phyllis: [moans in pain]
Michael: You didn't do that. You're ok. You're ok. Let's lie down. You want to go down? Alright.
Phyllis: Wow! Sorry!
Michael: Ok. That's ok. That's not a problem. Ok, sweetie.
Dwight: Hey! Hey, hey, hey! I got your text. Who's Phillip?
Michael: No. No. No.
Dwight: Who tipped you over? Was it Phillip?
Phyllis: It's my back.
Michael: It's her back. We just - We need - Let's - You know what?
Phyllis: Call a doctor.
Michael: We're going to take care of you. We're gonna get you help. Let's - come on.
Phyllis: No. Call Bob.
 
Michael: Oh, no. No. No. This is no good.
Dwight: Yeah. Back injuries are common. Not as common as knee injuries but more common than wrist injuries.
Michael: I don't need you to give me a history lesson. Ok?
Dwight: What do you think history is?
Michael: It's just, we need to get her out of here because no one is going to want to go in there with a woman writhing around on the floor. Wait, wait, wait. But most importantly we need to get her some medical attention. ASAP. Stat.
 
Michael: [barging through office door] Alright. Here we go.
Dwight: Out of the way! Move it or lose it!
Michael: You having fun?
Erin: Oh, my God! What happened?
Michael: What? Oh, just having to much fun. Phyllis, we're going to put you in here. Dwight's going to take care of you.
Phyllis: What? No. I thought we were going to the hospital.
Dwight: You want to get sick you go to the hospital.
Michael: Ok, Dwight. Ok. Good. I do not want anyone to worry.
Oscar: What happened to Phyllis?
Michael: Oh, you know. Nohting. She's - we were hanging out at Cafe Disco and she had a flare up of am existing injury. But she's a tough, old bird. So... 
Angela: Can you please go back to work instead of masterminding these situations were in we hurt ourselves?
Michael: Ok. Phyllis did injure herself. But she injured herself having fun and I don't think she would trade that memory for anything. [Phyllis can be heard screaming in the backgroud]
Stanley: I would like the memory of a day uninterrupted by this nonsense.
Michael: You all took a life here today. you did. The life of the party. Erin?
Erin: Yes.
Michael: I want you to go downstairs and I want you to shut it down.
Erin: Like unplug the coffee machine and bring it up here.
Michael: I don't care. Bury it. I hope you're happy.
Dwight: [exits the conference room in an undershirt] I'm gonna need two able bodied men.
 
Kelly: Cafe Disco? More like Crappe Disco.
Erin: You're bad. [they turn off the lights and turn on music - start dancing]
Vance Refrigeration Guy 1: There's girl in there.
Vance Refrigeration Guy 2: Where?
VRG 1: The other room?
VRG 2: What other room?
VRG 1: Down the hall.
VRG 2: There's girls in there?
VRG 1: What'd I just say?
VRG 2: You have another sandwich?
VRG 1: Forget the sandwich. Girls. Girls.
 
Michael: I guess they got what they want. I am eating alone. Might as well be dinner.
 
Dwight: You comfy? Alright? Alright. Relax. Relax, ok?
Phyllis: Dwight! Dwight!
Dwight: Come on. Relax. The shirt wasn't doing you any favors. If my assessment in correct, you grind your teeth?
Phyllis: I do.
 
Dwight: No kidding! She sits three feet from me. It's the most annoying thing. [mimics grinding teeth] It's like children singing Christmas carols.
 
Andy: Yeah! I love the vibe down here.
Erin: Ashley! You made it!
Oscar: You invited someone?
Erin: Oh, yeah. Was I not allowed to do that?
Oscar: I've been here 8 years and I've never... [Erin walks away] Rude.
 
Andy: I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure I'm in a dance off. Alright!
 
Michael: Cafe Disco is dead but I can still hear the music in my head.
Creed: I hear it, too, Boss.
 
Michael: It's better than I imagined it!
 
Phyllis: That feels good, Dwight.
Dwight: Tell me where it hurts.
Phylis: Right... mmmm... right there.
Dwight: Oh yeah. you've got a knot in your crest. This remedy has been passed down in my family for generations. and it always works. My grandfather was told that Diamond Dancer would never race again. they were wrong. He came in 9th in the Apple Creek Derby and his jerky came in 3rd the following year. A majestic beast. So fast. So tender.
 
Michael: Welcome, welcome! Cafe Disco. I am Michael Scott.
Erin: Hey, Angela! Welcome to -
Angela: Stop!
Michael: Angela. Angela. Angela. May I interest you in a triple espresso or perhaps a dance?
Angela: No. I didn't come down here to get wet and wild. I just need you to sign these.
Michael: Oh. Alright. There you go.
Angela: No. You need to sign them all.
Michael: No. No. No. Here is the deal - one signature for every song.
Angela: Look, I hate to be "that" person but I just don't like the general spirit of music. 
Michael: I know. I know, Angela. A lot of people doubted Cafe Disco at first but it is a magical place. You have to give it a chance. If these walls could tale they would say, " This is a magical place! You are safe here. We have talking walls. We're not going to eat you." [Angela shows Michael the papers again] No.
 
Dwight: This is oil from the gland of an otter. It keeps their fur water resistant, as well as traps heat. Now I need you to lie still for an hour. 
Phyllis: An hour? I can't stay here an hour.
Dwight: Whoa! Whoa, whoa, girl. Whoa. Whoa.
 
Creed: Boss, this used to hang from my windshield but it belongs in here.
Michael: Hey, thank you, Creed. you're really getting this place.
Creed: No problem. I'll just have no idea who's driving behind me now.
 
Dwight: I'm gonna with the python.
Phyllis: But the rattler's so scary.
Dwight: No. Please. I find the rattle soothing. It puts me to sleep.
Phyllis: I think Bob is gonna cheat on me with his new secretary. [she starts to giggle]
Dwight: What's so funny?
Phyllis: When I say it out loud it's so silly. [they both laugh]
 
Michael: Hey! Hey! Angela, no! No cleaning up!
Angela: You are forcing me to be down here. Am I not allowed to have some fun?
Michael: No... cleaning... up.
 
Jim: [waiting outside the bathroom for Pam, he is holding a hand-picked bouquet of flowers and pacing] These are for you.
Pam: They're beautiful.
Jim: You ready?
Pam: Yeah.
 
Jim: We should probably stop by. It'd mean a lot to him.
 
Michael: Hey! Hey! Jim and Pam! Can you believe this? It's really happening.
Phyllis: Wanna dance, Dwight?
Dwight: Ordinarily I would say no but you need to move to reduce lactic acid build-up. Also, this song is fantastic.
Bob Vance: Mind if I steal my wife?
Dwight: You can't steal what is legally your property.
Bob Vance: Are those staples?
 
Andy: This dance competition is not over.
Kelly: What dance competition? I was just dancin' casual with my friends, y'all.
 
Michael: You guys are the best for coming. You don't have to stay if you don't want to. I understand.
Jim: We're gonna stay.
Michael: Really?
Jim: Yeah. At least for one more dance.
Michael: Oh, no. Not me. Not me. Get out of here. Cafe Disco! [Dwight hits Michael in ear] Hey! Come on, man. It's not even to "Y".
 
Pam: This is so cheesy.
Jim: Yes.
Pam: I like cheesy.
Jim: Me, too.
Pam: Yeah. I think maybe I want a "wedding" wedding.
Jim: Me, too.
Pam: Really?
Jim: Yeah.
 
Michael: Would you like to dance?
Angela: No. [Camera pans to down to show her swinging her foot to the music]
 
Andy: Yeah. No. Well, ok.
Kelly: Stop squirming.
Andy: Well, stop trying to poke me with a sharp thing.
Kelly: You wanted to do this. Just be brave.
Andy: I, I - but you're not a professional and I'm thinking maybe we should have gone to a professional.
Kelly: I'm doing it. No. I'm doing it for free. You have to stop squirming otherwise I'm gonna mess up.
Andy: Are you sure that's not the "gay" ear?
Kelly: Gay ear? Are you 12 years old?
Andy: Well, I... 
Kelly: Look, I'm gonna count to 3.
Andy: Count to twen - count to twenty.
Kelly: No. I'm gonna count to 3. 
Andy: K
Kelly: 1... 2... 3
Andy: Agh! Son of a bitch!
Kelly: Andy, that was just the ice.
Andy: It was?
Kelly: Yeah. It was.

Erin: [phone rings, whispering] Dunder Mifflin, this is Erin... He's not available right now... Uh huh... Yes... Sure, I'll give him the message when he gets up-- gets back.
 
Jim: Michael had chicken potpie for lunch. Actually, let me rephrase that, Michael had an entire chicken pot pie for lunch, and- let me be more specific. Michael ate an entire family-sized chicken potpie for lunch and then he promptly fell asleep, so we're all trying to be very quiet so as to not wake him up before 5:00 pm. Which, actually, should be in about... ten minutes.
 
Jim: [whispering] Okay, I'm gonna go in there and change the computer. Are you sure you can change his watch?
Pam: [whispering] I can do it.
Dwight: [whispering] What do you need from me?
 
Dwight: Normally I don't condone leaving early, but I have an appointment with the horse doctor. How that horse became a doctor, I don't know. [laughs heartily] No, I'm kidding. He's just a regular doctor who shoots your horse in the head when its leg is broken.
 
Michael: [mumbles in his sleep as Pam and Jim change the clocks in his office]
 
Dwight: [changing the clock in Michael's car] Like clockwork.
 
Jim: [silently counting] Three, two, one... [Erin turns on the office lights, all laugh loudly]
Michael: [wakes up, joins in with the laughter] Uh oh. What's so funny?
Pam: You had to be there.
Michael: Oh yay! Geography joke. [still laughing, notices the time] Oh! Wow! Okay. Alright, let's all go home. Come on. See you all tamale.
 
Michael: See you later!
Dwight: Bye Michael! [all applaud and cheer, Dwight imitates gunfire] Yeah!
 
Jim: [at company picnic] All right, you ready for this?
Pam: Yeah, we walk around, everyone sees our faces and we leave, right?
Jim: Yeah.
Pam: Okay.
Jim: Wait, should I have left the car running? [both laugh]
 
Pam: Oh, don't get us wrong, we like picnics.
Jim: Come on, who doesn't like a picnic?
Pam: Tell them what happened last year.
Jim: I had this huge spider in my baseball mitt.
Pam: No, no, that guy who hit on me.
Jim: Oh, right, some drunk guy hit on Pam last year. Said he was grabbing her for balance.
Pam: Yeah, you don't grab these [gestures to her chest] for balance.
Jim: Well...
 
Dwight: I'm gonna say 30.
Rolph: Ah, 40. Insect repellent, which we clearly need, reduces the effectiveness of SPF.
Dwight: Good point, but, thought of that already. Combination SPF/repellent.
Rolph: Woah. Homemade?
Dwight: Of course. You think the EPA would ever allow that much DEET? [both laugh]
 
Dwight: Rolph is my best friend. We met in a shoe store. I heard him asking for a shoe that could increase his speed and not leave any tracks.
 
Kevin: Michael, isn't that Holly?
Michael: We're just friends. [approaches Holly and AJ] Hey, hey, wait a second. Who let you in here, is what I want to know.
Holly: Oh no, I see they're letting just anybody in here.
Michael: Mmhmm. Yeah, that's right.
Holly: All right.
Michael: All right. Mmhmm. [both start laughing and hug] Hey.
Holly: Hi. You remember AJ, my boyfriend?
Michael: A little bit. Uh, I meet a lot of people.
AJ: Hey Michael.
Michael: Hey. [hugs AJ a little too forcefully] Arrggh. So would you guys like some lemonade? Or one of you? Or both of you? Either or. The combinations are endless.
Holly: Lemonade sounds great.
Michael: Okay.
AJ: I'd love an iced tea, actually.
Michael: You can go to hell. [laughs] I'm kidding. Um, sure, I will get you the best iced tea in the world.
 
Michael: I lied to Kevin. Holly and I can never be just friends. I wrote down a list of bullet points why Holly and I should be together, and I'm going to find the perfect moment today and I am going to tell her. Number one: "Holly, you and I are soup snakes." The-and the reason is... because... in terms of the soup, we like to- that doesn't make any sense. We're soul mates. Holly and I are soul mates.
 
Charles: Jim. Pam.
Jim: Hey, how are you?
Pam: Hey Charles.
Charles: Nice day, huh?
Jim: Yeah.
Charles: Must be nice to get a rest from all your rest. [walks away]
Jim: I don't get it. He's not even my boss anymore.
Pam: Do you want me to beat him up for you?
Jim: No, I shouldn't have to ask you to do stuff like that. You should just do it.
 
Dwight: Listen up everyone! I've gone over this lineup very carefully. We cannot forget the humiliation we suffered last year at the softball game with Jim's whole spider-in-the-mitt incident. Right?
Jim: Well, I could've died, so... I looked it up online afterwards.
Dwight: Erin, back row. Ryan, you move up a row!
Andy: Bro-migo, you think you could put Erin on my row?
Dwight: Why? I don't understand.
Andy: If-
Dwight: Woah, woah, woah. W-w-wait a minute. I get it. You want her to set you up so you can spike it.
Andy: Uh... [laughs sheepishly]
Dwight: I'll tell you what, I'm gonna do you one better. I'm gonna put you next to Phyllis. She is the best setter on the team.
Andy: That's...
Dwight: Sly dog.
Andy: ... not what I meant.
Dwight: Come on, folks!
 
Michael: What is up with you two, Holly?
Holly: Um, not much.
AJ: We're designing a house.
Michael: Cool. For who?
AJ: For us.
Michael: Wow... I'm designing a chair. It's part of your pants. You sit down, you're supported.
Holly: I remember your chair pants idea. [laughs]
AJ: I like that. Put me down for a pair. I'm a size 34 waist.
Michael: All right, fatty. I will do it. You know what, we should actually rehearse.
Holly: Okay, yeah.
AJ: You guys are really gonna do this?
Michael: You bet your fat ass we are.
 
Michael: Well, in his infinite wisdom, David Wallace has authorized us to put on a little presentation about the history of Dunder Mifflin.
Holly: Yep, the old comedy team is back together again.
Michael: That's right.
Holly: [in a New York accent] Have ya hoyd the news? Extry! Extry! Read all about it!
Michael: Newspapers for sale!
 
Andy: [playing volleyball, yelling at Erin, who hit the ball out of bounds] Are you blind?! Are you blind?! [turns attention to a man on the other team] Sir, with the glasses, are you literally blind? I'm concerned you might be in danger.
Man: These are expensive Ray-Bans, jackass.
Andy: Okay, I was just looking out for you. [to Erin] You're doing great, by the way.
Erin: Thanks.
 
Kevin: [playing volleyball] I got it. [Kevin misses]
Dwight: Ohh! Oh, Kevin! Come on!
Andy: Are you blind?!
Dwight: I could've gotten that, idiot!
Andy: Can you see things with your eyeballs?!
Dwight: It's not a sledgehammer! Come on, people! We need to get our heads in the game! Let's focus! Come on, you're better than this! I am better than this! Phyllis, why are you sitting on the ground?!
Phyllis: We've been out here for a while. I don't need this.
Dwight: [grunts in frustration]
 
Dwight: [playing volleyball, Ryan hits the ball away, not paying attention to the game] Oh come- Ryan, come on, man! W-w-wait. Net. Net. Her hand's on the net.
Woman: So what?
Dwight: Rule violation. Ball is ours. Give it to me. Our point. Okay. Hey, Pam, how ya doin? Hey, do you know if you're right-handed or left-handed? Or do you even know? What hand do you use to answer the phone?
Pam: Back off, Dwight. [serves] Hyuh! [the opposing team misses the ball, the Scranton team cheers] What?
 
Pam: Maybe I played a little in junior high... and in high school... maybe a little in college... and went to volleyball camp most summers.
 
Pam: [serves] Hyuh! [other team misses and Scranton cheers] Well, look at that, we win!
Jim: Nice job, Beesly.
Dwight: Yes! We advance to the next round!
Phyllis: Oh, Lord in heaven.
Stanley: [to Phyllis] Had to be part of the group. [laughs]
 
Michael: I brought some snacky snacks, in case we get hungry.
Holly: Ooh, yes please. [takes a bite] Mmm. So what do you have planned for us today? Hmm?
Michael: [watching her eat] What?
Holly: Do you have a script for the sketch, or...
Michael: Um, no, I just thought we'd wing it. That cool?
Holly: Crystal cool.
 
Dwight: [playing volleyball] Hit it Andy!
Andy: Bump! I bumped it!
Kevin: Set!
Dwight: Don't set it to yourself!
Kevin: [Pam saves the play and Scranton cheers] Yeah!
Phyllis: Ow, my ankle!
Dwight: What happened?
Phyllis: I... twisted it.
Dwight: You weren't even moving. [Phyllis leaves the court] Okay, sub!
Angela: I can play.
Rolph: Is there a... Meredith here?
Meredith: Yeah! Man in!
Angela: Rolph, did you not hear me?
Rolph: I don't hear cheaters, tramps, or women who break my friend's heart. Let's go!
 
Michael: We could do a movie... sort of thing.
Holly: [gasps] We could do Back to the Future.
Michael: Oh!
Holly: We have to convince Dunder and Mifflin to go back in time... fix their parents. [both laugh]
Michael: Could we get a Delorean?
Holly: Jaws. They swim in the ocean and they terrorize the whole community.
Michael: Oh! [to the theme of "Jaws"] Dun-der. Dun-der...
Holly: Dun-der. Dun-der...
Michael: Dun-der. Dun-der. Dun-der. Dun-der. Blooo!! [both laugh]
Holly: Oh... We haven't found our great idea yet.
Michael: No. No.
Holly: Oh.
Michael: We're circling it.
Holly: Hmm...
 
David: [playing volleyball, Scranton wins another game] Nicely done. We're still going to crush you though!
Charles: Yes we are!
Rolph: You suckers are goin down! They're gonna wipe their asses with your serves! Piss all over your faces!
Dwight: Okay, Rolph! Woah. Wait, wait- [shouts of disapproval]
Rolph: It's true!
Toby: Ah, this reminds me of the HR convention last fall.
Kendall: Oh yeah, with Bernie and Efrem. That was hilarious.
Toby: Really, really funny.
Kendall: Really funny.
 
Dwight: Listen guys, one more point and we play corporate. [they get the last point, Jim and Dwight hug]
Oscar: Settle down gentlemen.
Pam: Good game!
 
David: Welcome to the 43rd Annual Company Picnic, everybody. Thanks for being here. Now, a couple of employees have volunteered to entertain us with a song.
Michael: [shouts from behind the trees] Uh, it's a sketch now.
David: Okay, introducing Scranton's Michael Scott performing with Nashua's Holly Flax! I have not seen this. [applause]
Michael: And now, presenting...
Both: SlumDunder Mifflinaire! [laughter]
Michael: [imitates Who Wants To Be a Millionaire theme music as both sit in folding chairs]
Holly: Are you ready to play SlumDunder Mifflinaire?
Michael: Yes, I am.
Holly: For one hundred dollars, where did Dunder meet Mifflin? A.) On easy street, B.) a tour of Dartmouth College, C.) they never met, D.) brushing their teeth?
Michael: Ohh, I'm thinking... I'm going to say... B, tour of Dartmouth College.
Holly: That is correct! [both run to another side of the stage, acting out a different scene] How did you know that?! [pantomimes electrocuting Michael]
Michael: [screams] Ahhhh!! Ohhh!! Ahhh!! I was there! Ahhh!! I was a tour guide at Dartmouth College!! Noooo!!!
Holly: [now pretending to be Dunder and Mifflin] Nice campus. Think you'll get in?
Michael: Yeah, I'm definitely getting in. I'm a shoo-in.
Holly: I'm Robert Dunder.
Michael: I'm Robert Mifflin. [pause to see audience's response] Ah, okay. [both run back to chairs]
Holly: Robert Mifflin had a great life. But unfortunately, had undiagnosed depression, which over nine million Americans suffer from and is very treatable. For two hundred and fifty dollars, how did he kill himself? A.) A rope, B.) a knife, C.) a gun, D.) brushing his teeth!
Michael: Two hundred and fifty dollars is more money than I've ever seen in my life. I will say, C, a gun. He shot himself in the head.
Holly: That is correct!
Michael: Yes!
 
Stanley: I usually don't enjoy the theater, but this is delightful.
 
Holly: The economic downturn has been difficult recently, forcing the closures of both Camden and Yonkers, to be followed soon by what other branch? For five-hundred thousand dollars, is it A.) Scranton, B.) Buffalo, C.) Utica, or D.) toothbrush!
Michael: I will say B, Buffalo! Final answer!
Holly: That is correct!
Man from Buffalo: [over crowd of murmurs] What is he talking about?
Holly: [pantomimes biting off Michael's fingers, Michael screams] How did you know that?!
Michael: David Wallace told me!!
Woman from Buffalo: David, is this true?
David: Uh, okay everyone, we're at a picnic today...
Man from Buffalo: Are we losing our jobs or not, David?
Holly: They didn't know?
Michael: [whispers] I guess not.
David: I'm sorry, this certainly wasn't the time or the place to announce this sort of thing, but there have been talks about closing the Buffalo branch.
Woman from Buffalo: And?
David: We're- we're closing the Buffalo branch.
Man from Buffalo: [over shouts of protest] You've got to be kidding me! You've got to be kidding me! We're the best branch in the company! I can't believe it. [Michael and Holly bow]
 
David: How could you possibly think that the right way to announce a branch closing was in a comedy sketch at the company picnic?
Michael: Well... I didn't know they didn't know.
David: What about the fact that they're here today? What about that? That didn't throw up any alarms? No, Michael needed a little bit for his comedy sketch, and he thought, "oh, this would be really funny."
Michael: Thank you.
David: Damn it, Michael, I told you that in confidence. Now I have to go over and deal with these employees and their families. A little boy just walked up to me and said, "is my daddy gonna have a job by Christmas?"
Michael: Well, he's just thinking about his own gifts.
 
Meredith: Maybe we shouldn't play due to the circumstances.
Dwight: Hey, people need volleyball now more than ever.
Pam: How do you figure?
Dwight: Because if we don't play, then the other team wins.
Oscar: Dwight's right. Corporate deserves to get its ass kicked.
Pam: Let's do this.
 
Andy: [playing volleyball] Jim, come on! [Jim scores a point, Scranton cheers]
Charles: Look who just woke up! [laughs, scores a point on the next play] I've been up for a while.
Kevin: It's six to six. It's a nail-biter. [ball hits Kevin]
Angela: Kevin! Now it's seven-six, or is that too much accounting for you?
Rolph: Here's an accounting question for you: what does one fiance plus one lover equal? Answer: one whore.
Dwight: Okay, knock it off, Rolph.
Rolph: What? She is sitting there, casting aspersions-
Dwight: Rolph, please. I am asking nicely-
Rolph: No way! You don't mean that!
Dwight: Rolph, leave it alone!
 
Erin: [hits the ball over the net and scores a point] Yeah! Boo-yah!
 
Pam: [running for the ball] I got it!
Dwight: Pam!
Pam: [falls] Oof!
Jim: You all right?
Pam: Yep. No, no, no, I'm fine.
Jim: You sure?
Pam: Yeah.
Jim: Hey, easy, easy...
Charles: Woah, woah, woah, woah, you wanna get that looked at.
Pam: No, no, it's fine. Just gimme a second.
Charles: I don't know. You know, this is a company picnic, so technically that is a company injury, you know? Safest thing to do is get that examined, right David?
David: Yeah.
Jim: All right, you know what? You're just trying to get rid of our best player.
Charles: Oh, Jim, you're putting a volleyball game in front of your fiance's health.
Jim: No, uh-
Pam: Look, seriously, I can move it fine. Come on, let's go, it's our ball. Let's go!
Charles: Yeah, I don't think we can let you play with that foot.
Dwight: [whispering] Tell you what. I spotted a small hospital a few kilometers south of here. Get her back as soon as possible. I'll stall 'em.
Charles: I guess that's it for you, Jim.
Jim: All right, you know what? [picks Pam up and carries her off the court] Let's do this.
Pam: We'll be back!
Dwight: Oh man, I am so mad that Pam got hurt! Argh!! Rrrraah!!! [kicks volleyball into the woods, calmly] I'll get it. [walks slowly toward the woods]
 
Michael: Probably shouldn't have mentioned Buffalo.
Holly: Hindsight.
Michael: Should've had hindsight.
Holly: How do you think it went before the Buffalo thing?
Michael: I think it went well. I think it was good.
Holly: There weren't any laughs.
Michael: No, it was a tough audience.
Holly: Yeah, but we wrote it specifically for this audience.
Michael: Believe me, I have seen a lot of tough audiences in my time, and that was one of them.
Holly: Well, I'm glad we did it.
Michael: Me too. [long pause] We have a lot of good material for next year's sketch.
Holly: I can't wait.
 
Jim: [on the phone] Yeah, she's with the nurse right now, so you'll have to stall a little longer... No, don't send in the subs yet... Dwight, I don't know. Think of something!
Nurse: To be safe, we should do an x-ray.
Pam: How long will that take?
Nurse: Oh, shouldn't be too bad, it's a slow day. So, no other radiation this year, no metal plates, no chance you're pregnant...
Pam: I'm sorry, can we just hurry this up? I've got a game to get back to.
Nurse: Oh good, because my next question was "do you have a game to get back to."
 
Holly: What'd you think?
AJ: I loved it. You know, there was a part near the end that seemed like that went on a little long, but...
Michael: Well you guys should hit the road before... I close down another branch.
Holly: [laughs] Okay. So good to see you.
Michael: Good to see you. [they hug] AJ.
AJ: Michael. [they shake hands]
 
Michael: I didn't find a perfect moment, because I think that today was just about just having today. And I think that we are one of those couples with a long story, when people ask how they found each other. I will see her every now and then, and... Maybe one year she'll be with somebody, and the next year, I'll be with somebody, and it's gonna take a long time... And then it's perfect. I'm in no rush.
 
David: Dwight, come on now, it's time to put in the subs.
Charles: Yeah, it looks like Pam won't make it back. Okay?
Dwight: Okay. Fine.
Charles: All right! Come on.
Dwight: Except, you know what? It's not fine. How many people need to get hurt before we learn a valuable lesson? One? Two? Three? Four?
Andy: Dwight.
Dwight: No, no, hear me out. Five? Six?
David: Dwight.
Dwight: Seven? Can I finish please?
David: Okay.
Dwight: Eight?
 
Jim: [on the phone] Oh, Dwight, we're so close! Just buy us a few more minutes... Well, they just called me in for an update, so I'll call you right back... Okay... Okay, great. [goes into a private room where Pam and the doctor are, the voices are inaudible, but the camera can see through a window, Pam and Jim look in shock, they hug and Jim goes back out into the hall to call Dwight back, trembling] Hey, Dwight, uh... send in the subs! [laughs] Ohh! [goes back into the room to hug Pam]

